One Snively too Many
by Sniper
 
I had this basic storyline in my head since I read STH #45 when Evil
Sonic made a reappearance.  I wondered what the other villains would be
like in a world where they were the good guys. If you haven't read my other
story, "Julie-Su’s Dilemma", you should first; it will tie in to the second
half of the story briefly.
The events in this story take place sometime after STH #58
P.S. All characters belong to Sega and Archie (But if they're planning on
selling any of them, I just came into some money!)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

        It was that time of the week again.  Time to make sure the Parasites
still had food and water.  Geoffrey St. John hated playing baby-sitter to
the prisoners of the Devil’s Gulag.  It was unglamorous and basically a
monkey’s job. But this time it was a little different. This time he had
to show a rookie member of the Mobian police the ropes.  The new
recruit was rabbit, only sixteen. He wore the same purple French hat and
and belt that Geoffrey’s two guards, Smiley and Flemming, did. Besides the
being a different species, the thing that made him stand out the most was
the unhardened look in his face. <That’ll change soon.> Geoffrey grimaced
to himself.
   
        The shuttle made it over the tall cliffs of the Devil’s Gulag, and
commenced docking. Inside, the ship rocked a little, causing the rookie
to put his arms against the wall for support. Geoffrey and his men just
kept their arms at their sides, confident in their footing.  The
hydraulic doors hissed, and the four departed. 

        "Alright then ....uh?.. What’s your name again, mate?" Geoffrey asked,
turning to the young rabbit.

        "D-Duncan, sir," he replied.

        "Alright then, Duncan. Today you're just going to be following the
professionals around, so next time you're here you can run this place
yourself." With that, the skunk turned away and walked down a thin
corridor, the walls covered with grease from the numerous exhaust fumes
of the shuttle.  Geoffrey and his older men looked straight ahead, their
eyes front, except Duncan. His eyes looked around at the horror of the
dungeon. 

        "It's kind of hard to believe we built this place, and not Robotnik,"
Duncan said, hoping to break the silence, and maybe start a conversation
with his new commanding officer.

        "This is a prison. It’s meant to punish people, not make them feel all
comfy like, okay, mate?" Geoffrey stated, rather arrogantly. 

        "Uh, YES sir, I didn't mean it like that!" 

<Well that didn't work out like I hoped> Duncan thought to himself. He was 
beginning to understand what Sonic had against the skunk. <Oh well, at least
he's not trying to steal my girlfriend- if I had a girlfriend, that is.>

       "And here we are at the prisoners' holding cells," Flemming said
gruffly. The rest of the tour had been tremendously boring, and Duncan
was looking forward to finally getting to the work part of the tour.
Flemming pushed some buttons and the door whooshed open. On the
other side was a long corridor, with barred doors on both sides. Duncan
suddenly felt a rush of nervousness. He was going to see evil first-
hand. The group moved down the corridor. Geoffrey pointed out each of the
villains as he crossed them by.  "Uma Arachniss is kept in this cell,
along with Warlord Kodos. Just make sure the door is locked. Neither of
them need food since they're still frozen in crystal."  The group moved on
a little further, then stopped. "Here we have a three time loser. Nack the
Weasel, arrested for selling secret information, kidnapping the
hedgehog, and treason." The weasel in the cage stayed still, eyeing over
his captors. "In this cell is Snoop Doggy dog. He was a member of Sir
Charles' spy group until he went bad. Watch out for him; he already
tried several escape attempts."  Duncan was careful to keep as much
distance from the dog as possible. Judging from the size difference, he
could take him apart from the other side of the bars.  "And here is one
of scumiest of the scum. Drago. Arrested for Treason, Conspiracy to
commit murder, assault, and battery, to name a few of his crimes." Duncan
noticed a note of true hatred in Geoffrey's voice. He guessed the rumours
of Hershey's beatings at the hand of Drago were true. 

        "So I see you brought me some fresh meat, eh, STINKY?" Drago growled, 
looking at Duncan.  The rabbit tried his best to put on a brave front. Geoffrey
ignored the comment. 

        "And last, but certainly not least, the tyrant Robotnik’s right hand man, 
Snively. Arrested for treason, five hundred charges of attempted murder, destruction of 
royal property, enslavement, torture, kidnapping, menace to society and massive 
illegal dumping of toxic waste." 

        "Wasn’t I also charged with parking in a handicap spot?" Snively glared at the 
skunk. 

        "Zip it, big nose!" the skunk snapped.  

        "I would. However, I have run out of food, and I do believe it is your duty
to refill my dispenser!" Snively said smugly, trying to taunt the skunk
into a frenzy. 

	"Well, boy, it looks like you're going to be working today after all," Geoffrey 
stated.
      
        Flemming pressed the code to the door at the far end of the corridor
that opened Snively’s cell. Geoffrey kept his eye on Snively, making sure
he didn’t get too close to the exit.  Duncan opened up the food
dispenser, and filled it up. While all of this was happening, no one
noticed Snively holding his arm out of the bars next to the wires that
led to the lock on the cell door.

        The Mobian police finished quickly, and then left.  "Did you get it,
Mr. Snively?" Drago asked once he saw the airship leave. 

        "Yes, yes! The circuits in my thumb recorded the codes to open my cell!" 
With that, the short little Overlander placed his thumb on the lock of his
cell, a blinking light came out of the thumbnail, it blinked ten times,
then a loud click echoed through the Gulag. It was the sound of undeserved
freedom.

        Snively made short work of the control panel at the end of 
corridor. In half an hour, all the inmates besides the two crystallized
ones had been released. Snively looked over his new foot soldiers, then
talked. "Alright, everyone, here's the plan. We're going to go to the main
communications department in this dungeon. The signal in there should be
strong enough to reach West Robotropolis. Once we send out that message,
the Royal Mobius police will know we made it out. Once our ship comes, 
we'll only have twenty minutes to make it to the city. But once we're
there, there's won’t be a force on Mobius that will stop us!"
  
        (Warning, you are now going to enter the reverse universe of Mobius,
first seen in the Sonic the Hedgehog comics.)

        Nack leaned against the massive brick building, and took another
drag from his cigarette.  It was early dawn, and the sunrise gave
everything a lonely yellow tint. The autumn wind tickled his fur as his
eyes scoured the landscape.  Mobotropolis had really gone downhill in
the past five years. Graffiti littered the streets, huge factories had
been built to support the need for more industry, and although they were
as environmentally friendly as possible, they were still a blemish on the
once beautiful city. Nack took another drag, his cigarette "almost
finished," he thought, and considered taking out another one, but decided
not to. He couldn’t afford to smoke more then three a day, and the
doctor had warned him about his health. Nack finished off his
cigarette, crushed it under his heel, and started to walk back to
his "home". As he crossed the street, he saw a group of young punks around
the corner, jumping and yelling obnoxious obscenities. Sonic's gang!  As
usual, Princess Sally was with them.

        <Stupid punk kids! If it wasn't for Sally being with them, King Acorn
would have had them sent to a detention center long ago.>  Nack walked
a little faster to his apartment entrance, hoping to avoid the gang. Not
out of fear. He knew no one in their right mind would mess with him, but
still ignoring Sonic's gang was a wise idea.  He unlocked the door and
walked into the two story building that bore a roughly made sign.
"Sniv and Nack’s Transport Service".
   
        Nack walked past the small reception area at the front of the
building and into the back where there was a messy, poorly furnished living
room. In the center was the couch he had to sleep on. He used to have
his own place, but with dwindling business over the past few years, he
eventually had to move in with his partner.

        "(Yawn) Mornin', Nack! Did we get any calls last night?" The short
Overlander who had just entered the room was an almost exact look-alike
of Snively, with a few exceptions. He was about a foot taller than
Snively, his head was in better proportions to his body, his nose
wasn’t quite as sharp at the end, and the most distinguishing difference
was he had rough sand coloured hair! He was wearing dark blue sweat pants
and a ratty green T-shirt. Overall he looked like a person who had given
up hope of ever improving himself.

        "Hey, Sniv, we only got a call from the Iron Company. They said that
their sales are dropping, and they only want us to ship out half the
normal amount of iron," Nack muttered sitting in his couch, reading a
discarded newspaper.

        "Aw, for the love of the Ancient Walkers!" Sniv whined, throwing his
arms in the air.

        "Hey, it’s not that big a deal, Sniv, we still have other clients."

        "Not that big a deal? Not that big a DEAL?" Sniv yelled at Nack like
he couldn't believe what he was hearing. Sniv stomped over to the desk in the
corner of the room, cluttered with papers. "See these, Nack? These are
BILLS!" With that, Sniv threw them over the ground. "Now how the hell
are we going to pay these bills if we keep losing clients?"  With that,
Sniv walked down to the couch and slumped down a respective distance
from Nack.

        "Sometimes I think the people in this city has forgotten all we’ve done
for them! Just six years ago we got free meals in restaurants just so we
would be seen eating there.  When did people start forgetting we were
heroes?"

        Yes, in this world they were heroes.  During the Great War between the
Overlanders and the Mobians, the Overlanders who saw the cruelty their
government was performing on other living beings defected over to
Mobotropolis to stop the cruelty.  Sniv was among them, back when he was
young and optimistic.  He soon rose to a military Legend, along with his
partner, Nack.  They were the ones who brought the knock-out punch to
the Overlander's High Minister, the tyrant known as Minister Krask! But
that was then, this was now, and time can be cruel.  Suddenly, the
phone rang, and Sniv was brought out of his stupor. 

        "Oh great! The phone. With our luck, it will probably be another client
deciding to quit!" Sniv got up and walked into a reception area, Nack heard a
muffled conversation from where he sat, there was a minute of silence,
then Sniv walked back into the living room, a stunned look on his face. 

        "Sniv? What’s wrong? Did we just get an eviction notice?" 

        "No," Snively said shaking his head. "That was my uncle. He says King Acorn
has a job for us, and he’ll pay five million credits if we do it!"
   
        Back in the other Universe, King Acorn was sitting on his throne. 

        "Are you sure?" he asked.

        "Positive, sir. We picked up the radio transmission from the Gulag. It
seems the prisoners have escaped. A shuttle from West Robotropolis picked
them up," Geoffrey said, trying to avoid accepting the blame for the foul
up.

        "Well then, I think we know what we must do," King Acorn started, and
stood up. "Send in the Royal forces to West Robotropolis. We must stop
Snively from restarting what his Uncle started."

        West Robotroplis was an Island just off of the west coast of the
Mobius main continent.  It was a stinking filthy pit of an island. 
Robotnik had created it seven years after he had assumed power, and this
city was even more technologically advanced than East Robotropolis was. 
The airship that brought the four escaped prisoners in docked at the
main control center of this city, and like East Robotropolis, or
Mobotropolis as it was now called, the control center resembled its
master.  The building was tall and thin, with thousands of conduits
connecting it to the rest of the city. A long balcony came out of the
control center, resembling Snively's nose.  The convicts quickly moved
into their positions around the center. "Drago, I want you to get the
power up, Nack keep an eye on what’s happening around the island, and tell
me if there are any unfriendlies moving in," Snively ordered. 

        "What do I do?" Snoop asked. 

        "You? You're going to help me prepare a surprise for the King Acorn."

       Back in the reverse Universe, Sniv and Nack had made it to King
Acorn's palace. The sun was shining brightly now, and the gardens
surrounding the castle gave off rich green.  Chief Julian of Medicine
stood waiting for the two.  This world’s version of Robotnik looked as kind
as the other looked cruel. His eyes twinkled, his head didn’t have the
villainous point that Robotnik had, his mustache was trimmed, and instead
of fat, he looked more plump. 

        "Hello, Sniv, Nack, how are you?"

        "Fine, Uncle Julian.  Now what’s this about getting paid five million
credits?"

        "Uh... YES! Right, I suppose you would want to know. Well come on then,
boys, his majesty is waiting for us inside the palace. He’ll fill you in
on all the details."
   
        The inside of the Palace was made of the finest white marble in the
world, with gold trimming.  King Acorn sat in a solid gold throne. His
royal uniform was made of black cloth instead of the royal blue of his
universal counterpart.  

        "Welcome, Sniv and Nack. It's nice to see you." 

        "If it’s so nice to see us, how come you haven't called us in over six
years?" Nack muttered. This prompted Sniv to give him a jab with his
elbow.  The King heard Nack comment, and knew that the pleasantries
were over. 

        "Okay then, I see you want to get straight down to business, as usual,"
Acorn said aloud. He then stood up and walked to the three standing
before him, with his hands behind his back.  "Four months ago there was a
major disturbance at the sunken island.  I assume you heard about it?"

        "Heard about it? Man, that was on the news for over a week. They called
it the biggest accident of the decade!" 

        "Yes, but what you didn’t know was that it wasn't an accident.  Now pay
attention because things start to get tricky here," the king said
arrogantly to Sniv and Nack. "There are... beings in another universe,
a universe that is very much like ours, but still very different.  It
seems everyone has their own counterpart in this universe which has a
totally different character and attitude.  One of those beings crossed
over into our universe in an attempt to steal the Chaos Emeralds from
the sunken island."

        "So if this guy has it in for the sunken island, why do you care?  You
hate the sunken island!" Nack asked.  

        Acorn continued on his speech. "The reason I care is because the person
who tried to steal the Emerald matched the description of Medical Chief
Julian, meaning he is Julian’s counterpart, and apparently in this
‘reverse’ universe he is a mad dictator bent on world domination!" the
king stated in a grave voice.

        <So how’s he different from you?> Sniv asked the king in his mind.

        "We believe that if this ‘reverse’ Julian has the ability to send
soldiers to into our world, he could pose a major threat to our world.
We want you to see that he never has a chance to realise that threat,"
the king said coldly. 

        "Okay, so you want an assassination carried out. That I understand. What
I don’t understand is why you chose us," Sniv said. 

        "We want someone with experience and skill," the king said simply. 

        "You mean someone who’s so desperate for money and respect they would do just about
anything," Nack said. 

        "That too," the king admitted. "If you accept, your uncle will fill you
in on the details." And with that, the king marched back to his throne
and sat down.  

        "What do you think, Sniv?" Nack asked.  

        "I don't know. Accepting would mean going into a conflict zone after ten years
of being out of action, and then risking life and limb in another world where our deaths 
would be utterly meaningless."

        "So you're saying we should go home and forget the whole thing?" 

        "Naw! We don’t have anything better to do."  

        The King was not amused by the joke. "Very well then.  Julian, show these gentlemen
to the briefing room, and prepare them for the mission."
      
        Nack and Sniv were brought to a dark sterile room, stories beneath Castle Acorn.
Julian carried a metallic suitcase. "Alright then, boys, here’s your gear!" The medical 
chief heaved the suitcase up on the table, then snapped open the locks, and began pulling
out the equipment.  The first items he brought out were two leather long-coats, one black,
the other brown. 

        "Material armour. This stuff is fire proof. It will shield you from most
forms of digital surveillance. The weaving has been designed to absorb
high impact. This stuff will protect you more then a five layer steel
shield!" 

        "I take the black one," Sniv said, and grabbed the jacket off the table.

        "You always get the black one!" Nack whined.

        "Excuse me, CHILDREN!?" Julian broke in, "but we have more important
matters to worry about." Julian then brought out two foot long blasters.

        "These are different from the models you used in the Great War. They
can be switched from automatic to semi-automatic. It can be fired for
three hours solid before needing a recharge."

 "Hell YA!" Nack exclaimed in his best Texas accent, taking the weapon,
and cocking it. Julian grunted his disapproval of Nack’s attitude to
violence, then went on explaining the arsenal.
        
        "Now this equipment is the most important piece there is. Guard it with your
life if you ever want to make it back to our universe!" With that, he took out an
incredibly complex piece of machinery. It was cubical in shape, with
millions of transistors and circuits on the inside. "This device will
open up a hole in between our two universes. Once it is open, you will
take the device and take it with you through the hole.  The hole will
only be open for three minutes, so be warned. Once you make it to the
other side, you press this button, and the device will open another hole
back to our universe. Jump through, but leave the device behind. It has
a self-destruct sequence built into it that will destroy the doorway
between our two worlds forever." Julian put extra emphasis on the
last thing he said.  Nack picked up the device, and turned it over in
his hands. 

        "Wow, Julian, you built this yourself? You, you...you need
to get a girlfriend."  

        Sniv ignored Nack’s comment. "If this thing is just made to break down
the door, why don’t we just use it in our universe?"
 
        Julian remained silent for a minute, then he started speaking
slowly, as if about something shameful. "The power levels needed to
destroy the doorway is enormous.  I had to use a very unstable
substance to make it.  We believe that once the self-destruct sequence
has been started, it will destroy an area the size of twelve city
blocks." 

        "And King Acorn didn’t want his insurance policy to start a fit," Sniv
muttered. "Okay when do we leave?"  

        "Right away!"
  
        Back in the ‘normal’ Universe, Princess Sally had just been informed
about the break out in the Devil’s Gulag. "How did this happen?" Sally
yelled angrily as she stormed down palace hall to go to the airship

        "We're not sure yet, Princess, we...uh, we’ll find out after we catch
them!" Duncan said, trying to sound self-assured.  

        "Okay then, are all the troops in the airship?" Sally asked. 

        "Yes, Princess!" Duncan answered.  

        "And all the Freedom Fighters?"

        "Uh.. everyone except for Sonic, Tails, Antoine, and Bunnie. But then,
you know Sonic and Tails are on the other side of Mobius right now, so
technically just Antoine and Bunnie are missing.  I’m rambling, aren’t
I?  I’ll go find them!" Duncan scurried off. He always got like that in
front of the Princess. Like most Mobian boys his age, he had a crush on
her. "Just hope she didn’t catch me staring," he thought to himself.
     
        "Antoine, your communicator is beeping ah-gain, shouldn't y’all see
what’s it about?" Bunnie asked Antoine contentedly.  The two were sitting
on an easy chair in Antoine's new quarters in Mobotropolis, Bunnie
sitting on Antoine's lap. 

        "Oh, eet iz probalee just anothair drill! And zis is the first time we
have had time to ourselves in such a long time!" 

        "Ya, I suppose you're right!" Bunnie then nuzzled her nose under his
neck. Suddenly there was a knock at the door. 

        "D’Coolette? Sir? We have an emergency, and the Princess wants to see you!"  

        With that, Bunnie and Antoine's eyes went wide, both jumped off the couch, 
and Antoine tried to hurriedly button up his uniform. 

        "Uh, just be giving me a minute! I’ll be zere soon! Darn zees infernal bootons!" 

        Bunnie quickly offered her aid, and they quickly got his uniform on straight.
Antoine then rushed to the door, unlocked it, and stuck his head out. 

        "Duncan! ‘Ow nice to see you! Zo what’s the emergency?" 

        "A breakout at the Devil’s Gulag! All the prisoners made it to West Robotropolis!
By the way, I’m also looking for Bunnie. Have you seen her?"  

        "Ah’m right here!" Bunnie said, as she opened the door the rest of the way. 
"Let’s all go kick some Snively butt!" 

        Duncan looked at Bunnie, then Antoine. "Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt 
anything.  Not that I’m saying you were doing anything to interrupt. Well, I don’t mean
you weren’t, there’s nothing wrong with what I’m assuming you did." 

        Both Antoine and Bunnie shot ice cold glances at Duncan. 

        "Uh.. Right! Let’s go kick some Snively butt!" he said sheepishly.
   
        The airship took off into the night sky.  With everyone inside, Sally
started relaying her plan. "Okay, everyone, listen up!  This ship will
make it to West Robotropolis within an hour.  All of you will be divided
up into teams to surround the island, so we can cover lots of ground and
find the prisoners as quickly as possible.  Our last survey of the
island showed there were no working attack robots there, but we have
been wrong before, so look out!  Rotor and I will be managing your
progress from inside the air ship, so keep in radio contact with us at
all times! Are there any questions?" Sally waited for a minute. There
was silence. "Alright then. Good luck to you all!"
 
      In the reverse Universe, Nack and Sniv were witnessing Julian
preparing the device to open up the hole between the two universes. 
"Hey, Uncle Julian, what part of the other Mobius will this thing take
us to?" 

        Julian was looked up from the controls and answered. "From what
I’ve seen, the device will most likely take you within about a one mile
radius of your other selves, so the odds are you will be split up when
you cross the barrier!" 

        "Wonderful!" Nack complained.  

        "There! The device will open up the hole now!" Julian exclaimed. He then stepped
back. There was a hissing sound. The device started to vibrate, then
shake violently. Then, there was sound like a thunder clap, as a bolt of
power surged from the device. It struck thin air, and the hole appeared.
A swirling pool of blue energy.  

        "Okay, Nack, let’s go!" Sniv yelled against the noise that the doorway made.
 He picked up the device, and jumped through. Nack walked up to, holding his hat firmly 
on his head, squinting his eyes trying to see through to the other side.  

        "Aw, to hell with it!" he yelled, and jumped in after his friend. The Universal
doorway slammed shut behind him.  

        "Good luck, boys," Julian said to himself.

      In the other world,  West Robotropolis was deadly silent. The
stale air was still.  Then the wind picked up. A hissing sound followed.
Suddenly a thunderclap, and the door opened on the other side, six feet
above ground level.  Sniv and Nack were thrown from it and struck the
cement ground. Both rolled expertly to avoid injury, although their
jackets would have protected them.  "Sniv?" Nack said laying on the
ground. "You okay?" Sniv who was also still laying down turned to his
partner. 

        "I think so.  Jeeze, Uncle Julian didn’t say nothing about how
much that would hurt!"  

        Nack sat up and looked around at his surroundings. "Would you look at this place?" 
he said in awe. 

        Sniv sat up and looked around. "Oh my God!" he said in shock.  They were in the
filthiest city he had ever seen.  It seemed every building was diseased.
Diseased fungus grew up the walls of giant factories.  The buildings
were so tall, just looking at them gave you a sense of vertigo! The sky
was blanketed by a hideous red and green cloud of methane emissions. 
"You know what I think, Nack?" Sniv asked, staring at the horror before
him. 

        "What?"

        "I think we should get that device, blow up this universe, and get the
hell out of here!" 

        "Good idea!" Nack said, then posed, and looked at Sniv with a confused
look on his face. 

        "Sniv?"


        "Yeah, what?"

        "Where is the device?"

      Duncan’s palms were sweaty. He could see West Robotropolis in the
window of the airship. This was going to be his first time in actual
battle.  

        "You okay?" a concerned voice asked behind him. 

        Duncan turned to see Rotor. "Yeah! Of course!" he blurted.  

        "Look, don’t worry, we’ve dealt with Robotnik hundreds of times, and 
Snively's just his lackey!  We’ll be home in time for breakfast!" 

        Duncan gave a nervous grin. Suddenly the ship shook. "Stupid docking procedure!"
Duncan cursed. It was time for battle.
 
     "Mr. Snively!  I was watching to sensors like you asked, and two
life forms just came out of nowhere!" Snoop yelled to Snively, who was
sitting in a chair that was ridiculously too big for him. 

        "Only two? That doesn't seem to be such a problem!"

        "Yeah, but here’s the problem! Just after, an airship landed on the
shore!  This thing is filled with soldiers!"  

        "Excellent," Snively whispered, smiling evilly to himself.  Drago was
sick of taking orders and not knowing what was going on, he walked over
to Snively’s chair and grasped the little Overlander by the collar and
lifted him up to his eye level. 

        "They're going to outnumber us and catch us! What’s so ‘excellent’ about that?" 
Drago growled.  

        "Drago, put me down right now, or you really will be captured," Snively said calmly. 

        Drago dropped him roughly. "Well? What’s this big secret weapon of yours?" 

        "This!" Snively exclaimed, and pushed three buttons on the arm of his chair. All 
throughout the city, small circular seams appeared in the cement roads. The circles fell 
underground leaving deep dark holes.  Drago saw one of these holes on the main view screen 
in Snively’s control center.  

        "What’s in there?" he asked.  

        "You’ll see soon enough, but first, we must let the freedom fighters come in a
little farther!"

       Sniv and Nack at the meantime were rummaging through a garbage heap looking for the 
device.  "I’m telling you, man, I heard it land somewhere around here!" Sniv said, as he 
threw back some more garbage. Suddenly there was a grinding sound behind them. 

        "Sniv, do you hear something?" Knack asked.  

        "Not now, I’m looking for the device!"  

        Nack looked behind him to see a section of the pavement drop down, leaving a
perfectly circular hole.  "Uh, Sniv, I think you should see this!" Nack
said worriedly. 

        "Aha! I found it! It’s hooked onto this grate though! Let me see if I can unhook it!"  "Sniv, there’s a big hole in the ground
Here! There, I got the device, Nack! Now let’s get the....Hell! What’s that?" Sniv asked,
looking at the hole.
       
        "The first group of Freedom Fighters are almost at the center of the city,
 Mr. Snively!" (evil) Nack said. 

        "Perfect," Snively hissed.  "We've given them enough rope, now to hang them!" 
With that, Snively pressed another button on the arm of his chair, and on the main view
screen, one could see thousands of eggbots emerging from the holes. There
were so many, they looked like a swarm of bees!  

        "Eggbots!" Drago cried! "That’s your secret weapon? It doesn't matter how many you 
have!  Those freedom fighters can always beat your robots!"

        "Calm yourself, Drago! The eggbots are only half of my plan!"
  
        "Everyone duck for cover!" Geoffrey cried just as a small platoon of
eggbots swooped low firing on the soldiers. "Eggbots." Geoffrey
muttered to Flemming.  The robots had swooped past but they were quickly
turning around for another pass.  "Everyone get your blasters ready!"
Geoffrey yelled to his group. The Eggobots flew at them at frightening
speed.  "Fire!" Geoffrey screamed.  The soldiers fired their blasters,
and the eggbots fired in return! Five of the twelve eggbots were
destroyed in the second pass, and one of the soldiers was hit square in
chest! The rest of the soldiers rushed to his aid. He was laying face
down in the ground. Geoffrey rolled him over expecting to see a dead
animal. Instead he was staring into the cold eyes of a robotocized
tiger! The robot grabbed a badger by the neck with his left arm, and
pointed the blasters on his right arm at the badger’s head. 

        "FREEDOM FIGHTER. ROBOTOCIZE BY ORDER OF SNIVELY." The blaster went off, and to
everyone's horror, the badger also turned into a robot.  

        "Everyone fall back!"  Geoffrey ordered.
 
        Similar occurrences were happening all over West Robotropolis.  The
Freedom Fighters soon realised they were fighting a hopeless battle.
"Princess Sally!" Geoffrey screamed over the radio. 

        "Sally here! What’s happening out there, St. John?"  

        "Eggbots! Lot’s of them! They all have Roboticizer guns!"  

        Rotor took the communicator from Sally. "That's scientifically impossible! You have 
to be fully immersed in roboticization rays to.."  

        "Maybe you should be telling this to the Eggbots!  Sally, I have to request a 
strategic retreat! We're being slaughtered out here!" 

        Sally looked glumly at Rotor, then hung her head
in defeat.  "Order all troops to retreat," she said sullenly.
