Hi! My name is Albanesi Luca. I'm a 17 year old Italian boy that likes Sonic very much. 
Unfortunately, Sonic here in Italy is not as famous as in America or in other countries, so 
we don't have any comics or movies. But there are people like me that won't allow for Sonic 
to be forgotten in Italy. I'm here to tell you a story that I wrote. I call it "When Sonic 
Met Dawn". This is my third story about Sonic, the first was "The Death of Sonic" and the 
second was "The Flying Fortress". I hope you also like this one.


				CHAPTER 1 - Contact!

Sonic and Tails were on the usual mission for scouting their area. This time, Sally assigned
them the scouting zone 3, the Great Forest.

Tails was bored more than ever this time. 

"Sonic, nothing will happen here. Let's return to Knothole, please..."

"Orders are orders, little bro. One day, you too will have an assistant, and you'll have to 
tolerate him, even if you also are bored by orders..."

"C'mon, Sally will never know our absence... Let's go somewhere else! We scouted this area
yesterday!"

"Yeah. Maybe you're right... maybe. But leaving our duty will not be correct."

"Oh, don't think about orders! Enjoy yourself! We scouted here for an hour and we didn't 
find nothing."

"So... where you think we should go?"

"I dunno... maybe we should go to the park. Will you bring me to the park, Sonic?"

Sonic was going to answer when he listened to a noise from some bushes.

"Shhh..." he whispered. "There's someone here!"

"What can it be? A robot? Nack? Poison girl?"

"I don't know... but it mustn't be an expert! Only newbies can make so much noise!"

"So... what are you going to do, now?"

"I'm going in... take this comm unit... If I don't come back in five minutes..."

"Ok, I'll wait another five minutes!"

"That's no time for jokes. If I don't come back in five minutes, you will call for 
reinforcements. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Sonic!"

"Good..."

"Good luck, Sonic!"

Sonic entered the bushes. After 30 seconds, Tails heard a "What the..." and saw Sonic fly 
into a tree and fall on the grass.

"Sonic! Sonic! Are you all right?"

"Hum... err... I think so. Tails! Calls for reinforcements now! This is an emergency!"

Tails took out his comm unit.

"Tails to HQ. Code five. Send reinforcements ASAP."

"Request for reinforcements acknowleged. Tell us your position."

"Position: 3 kilometers north of Knothole. Scouting zone D"

"Coordinates received. Reinforcements en-route. HQ out."

Sonic was still lying on the grass and Tails asked him, "Sonic, What did you see in there?"

"A strange creature with a white cloak. I fear that he's an Overlander!"

"Like Robotnik?"

"Yes. We must stay alert."

"I'll go and find him. Maybe he won't attack a children... I hope..."

"No! That's a negative... Tails! Wait! Don't go!"

But Tails was already gone.
				
				CHAPTER 2 - The meeting	

Tails found the stranger and saw that he was really an Overlander.

"Ha! I didn't know that Wraith also used children in his army," said the human.

"Who? Listen, we are on Mobius. I don't know who Wraith is."

"What? Mobius? Aren't we on Arboria?"

"I don't know what you're talking about. My name is Prower. Miles Prower, but my friends 
call me Tails, because I'm a rare species of fox with two tails. Who are you?"

"My name is Dawn. I'm a Jedi of the planet Arboria."

"Jedi? What's a Jedi?"

"A Jedi is a man that can use the Force, the most powerful thing of Arboria."

"Force?"

"With the Force, you can move things, create defensive shields, become invisible, run very
fast and do somersault jumps. Those are just a few of the things that a Jedi can do."

"And who is Wraith?"

"I'm the keeper of the Jedi's secrets of light side. But a dark Jedi, Wraith, wants to steal
 those secrets."

"Dark Jedi?"

"Yes. He's a bad guy. He can use different Force powers based on destruction. If a Jedi 
could use both Light and Dark powers, he could be the king of the universe."

Suddenly, Tails heard the voice of Sonic that said "Here! Hurry! He must be here!" and then 
he entered again in the bushes. As Dawn saw him, he said "Oh no! Wraith's emissary again!!".
Then he took a little metal pipe, pushed a little button on it and a sword shaped green 
light appeared.

"Come on, scum! My lightsaber will cut you in pieces!"

Two soldiers armed with stunning laser blasters fired at him, but he deflected the rounds
with his laser sword.

"Tails! Come here! It's dangerous!"

"Sonic! Stop firing! He's a friend!"

"Friend? He gave me a powerful kick before!"

"Is he really your friend, Miles?" asked Dawn.

"Yes, he's my best friend, Sonic. He's not Wraith's emissary!"

"Oh..." he knelt on the ground. "I'm sorry, Sonic. Will you forgive me?"

Sonic was confused... he blinked a couple of times. Then he asked:

"Tails, do you want to explain me what's happening?"

				CHAPTER 3 - Friendship

"And how have you come here, Dawn?"

"I don't know. I was resting after my guard watch of the door of the Light Side Book when I 
saw a red glowing portal opening. I was curious, so I entered in it and I found myself here."

"That's a funny name... Dawn... hee hee."

"Every Jedi has got a nickname. I've chosen Dawn."

"Oh, so you chose the nick. Why did you choose Dawn? Because you wake up early in the 
morning?"

Dawn stood up, crossed his hands, looked up and said with a fierce voice:

"They call me Dawn, because I flash like daybreak to the fray."

"Ooh, very nice. Congratulations!"

"Sonic's a funny name too. Let me guess... do you hear music often?"

"No, not really."

He crossed his hands too, looked up and said with a fierce voice:

"They call me Sonic because I'm the fastest living thing here on Mobius."

"Umpf, I can go very fast too."

"Is this a challenge, Dawn?"

"Yes, Sonic."

"Ok, I accept. The first that will exit from the forest will be the winner!"

Tails was excited. He liked Dawn, but his hero was Sonic. He was curious to see who the 
fastest living thing was.

"I'm going to the finish point now so I can judge the winner," said Tails and went to
the finish line. After 1 minute, he spoke through his comm unit:

"Ok, the track is 2 kilometers long. The first one to exit from the great forest will win.
 Is everything okay?" said Tails.

"Yeah. Come on, I can't wait to give a lesson of speed to this man!" said Sonic.

"Ready... set... GO!!"

Sonic didn't move to give Dawn some advantage. Neither Dawn moved, but Sonic noticed that he
had closed his eyes. Suddenly, he opened them and said, "Force Speed!" and started to run at 
an incredible speed. Sonic was astonished: he never saw a human running in that way. Then he
started to run too. Obviously even a Jedi can not beat Sonic in a race, so at nearly 
half-way, he overtook Dawn and won by 5 seconds. When Dawn arrived, he wanted to 
congratulate Sonic for the speed, but he saw something wrong...
				
				CHAPTER 4 - Ambush

Tails had been captured by Nack the Weasel. He had placed his knife at Tails's throat.

"So, my dear hedgehog, it looks like now I've got your little friend. Hee hee, make a false
move and your friend will lose his head... HA HA HA!"

Dawn looked at Nack and said, "Let him go."

"That's not your concern, mister!"

"I'm ready to make it my concern."

"You're gonna wish you've never met me."

"I already do. Now free that boy."

"Tell me your name, so I'll know the name of my next victim!"

"I'm Dawn, a Jedi. And those that threaten my friends are my enemies."

"Take a single step and I'll kill Tails!"

Dawn smiled and looked at Nack's knife. The knife started to fly out of Nack's grip. It flew
 towards Dawn and into Dawn's hand. Nack was very frightened.

"Did you like that? I can do even worse... with you!"

Tails took the advantage of Nack's astonishment to escape. Nack said, "You are now in big 
trouble, my dear stranger!" He threw some knives at Dawn.

"Watch out, Dawn!" said Sonic.

"Don't worry, this is easy for me! Force Protection!" A green shield appeared, surrounding 
him. The knives rebounded off it.

"Now it's my turn!" He turned activated his lightsaber. "Force jump!" Dawn made an 
incredible jump, leaving everyone gaping. Then when he touched down, he cut Nack's hat into
five pieces.

"That's enough, slimy... what are you?"

"He's a weasel, Nack the weasel. A bounty killer," said Sonic.

Nack looked the pieces of his hat on the ground.

"I'll be back, human. And you won't stand a chance against technology!!!"

Then he ran away, heading for Robotnik's lab.

"Are you all right, little fox?" said Dawn.

"Yes, thanks. I owe you my life, Dawn!" answered Tails.

"Dawn, you could be a precious ally for us. I ask you to join us," said Sonic.

"Join who? And who was that type? I think that you should give me some answers."

Sonic told Dawn about Robotnik, his forces and the Freedom Fighters.

"I must think about it. You understand that I'm here because of a mistake. I must get home. 
But I don't know how!" said Dawn.

"Hey Sonic, maybe Rotor can help him get back to his dimension!"

"Maybe you're right. Let's go to the village. There I'll show to Dawn the others Freedom 
Fighters."
				

				CHAPTER 5 - Dawn in Knothole

It was Bunnie's turn to guard the towers of Knothole. When she saw the group, she said,
"Sally, Sonic and Tails are arriving... but... hey! There's a man with them! TO ALL FREEDOM
FIGHTERS! CODE TWO! A STRANGER IS APPROACHING TO THE VILLAGE! IT SEEMS THAT HE HAS CAPTURED
SONIC AND TAILS! GO TO THE MAIN ENTRANCE! REPEAT! MAIN ENTRANCE!"

Also Knuckles was inside the village. He went to Knothole because he had to report some of
Robotnik's activities near Floating Island. When he heard the message, he thought, 
"Overlanders, they can only cause troubles to this planet". He went to the main entrance 
like Bunnie, Sally, Rotor and Antoine.

"Hi, Sal! What are you doing all here?" asked Sonic.

"Sonic, who is that stranger?" asked Sally in an angry voice. "Your job was to scout the 
area, not to search for threats."

"Sally, this is Dawn, an Overlander from Arboria. He's a Jedi. He could be a powerful ally,
if we..."

"I DON'T WANT STRANGERS IN MY VILLAGE."

Knuckles approached Sonic and said 

"Sonic, you should know that Overlanders can only cause troubles. Overlanders are a failed 
race."

"Who the hell are you to tell me who I am?" asked Dawn angrily.

"I'm Knuckles the Echidna. I'm the best fighter around here. And you're scum, right?"

"Don't you dare say those words to me."

The red echidna put his knuckles to Dawn's jaw.

"We echidnas are the most ancient and powerful race of Mobius. You Overlanders are only an 
obstacle to our freedom here."

"You won't say those words if you would see my powers!"

"Do you see, Sonic? He's a threat for our village. Get him away!"

"Hey hey hey, calm down, Dawn. You too, Knuckles, stop it. He's really a great warrior," 
said Sonic.

"Ok, let's see. I challenge you. If you win, I'll let you stay here, if you lose, you'll 
have to leave this village."

"I accept. Let me show you some Jedi powers!"

"No! Don't do it, Dawn!" cried Tails. "He's a great warrior too!"

"Don't worry, buddy. He's gonna wish he was never born!"

				CHAPTER 6 - Fight!

The two warriors took position one in front of the other while the Freedom fighters went to
assist the fight from the right side.

"That's gonna be a hard fight for Knuckles," said Sonic.

"We'll see. Remember that if your 'champion' loses, he'll have to leave the village!" said 
Sally.

"It won't happen."

Knuckles took the first move. He moved quickly and hit Dawn in the face. Dawn got a bleeding 
scratch.

"Ha ha! First blood!" said Knuckles happily. "Better get your luggage ready!"

Dawn licked his wound. "First blood is not important as last blood."

Then Dawn threw a mighty kick at Knuckles' face. He made three turns before hitting the 
ground.

"What do you think of that?"

Knuckles said nothing. He stood up and ran to hit Dawn in the stomach, but when he threw the
punch, Dawn disappeared and reappeared behind his back.

"But... but that's not possible! You're a mage!"

"No, I just call it Force persuasion. I persuade you that I'm somewhere but instead I'm in 
another place... simple and effective."

Knuckles took a power ring from his backpack and used it. 

"Use your slimy powers now, Overlander!"

He became very fast, even faster than Sonic. Dawn was confused and received a pair of punches 
on the stomach and one on the face. He fell down and the surrounding grass became red from 
Dawn's blood. Tails was terrified.

"Stop Knuckles! You'll kill him in that way!"

Knuckles pushed away Tails.

"I don't care if I kill him. He's an Overlander, remember. Prepare for the final strike, Dawn!"

He started again with an awesome speed and charged. Dawn in the meanwhile, got up.

"Look, that trick will work only a time, not two! Force sight!"

"Force whatever, you'll never block my punches!"

But to Knuckles' surprise, every punch he threw was avoided by Dawn. Finally, the Jedi 
punched the echidna's jaw, who fell on the ground unconscious.

"Congratulations Dawn!" Yelled Sonic.

Sally and the others were a bit unhappy by this victory. Also they thought that Dawn could 
have been a danger for them.

Dawn went to assist Knuckles. He gave him some water, put his hands on the echidna's stomach
and said "Force healing!". Immediately, Knuckles began to awake. When he saw Dawn, he said,
"You Overlander may have won that battle. But you're still the worst race on this planet..."

				CHAPTER 7 - Dawn's first mission

"Ok everybody, all in the briefing room. This is urgent," said Sally.

"Briefing? What briefing? I must go home! The book of the light side is unguarded!" said 
Dawn.

"Please Dawn... help us just this time, then we'll let you go home. Rotor, can you build
 an ... err... dimensional shifter?" said Sonic.

"Well... I could try. Just tell me where Dawn's planet is and I'll get him one."

Then all the fighters, even Dawn, entered in the room.

Sally started with the briefing.

"Ok, everyone this is a hot mission. Knuckles told me that he saw a lot of Robotnik's 
activies near the Floating Island. We sent our robots spies to see and they reported a huge 
building. I'm sorry to report that the building is a factory. It produces a new kind of 
blaster weapon that freezes the victim. Nicole, please show it."

Sally computer produced a holographic drawing of the weapon.

"This is project sub-zero, guys. A lethal project that we must shut down."

Sonic raised his hand.

"Sal, what happens if the gun hits someone? Will he be freezed forever?"

"We don't know this. But I think that only a great source of heat would free the prisoners."

Bunnie raised her hand too.

"Sally, is the factory highly protected?"

"Unfortunately, this time Robotnik has done a good job. The factory is shielded with some
radio-jammer waves. Nicole couldn't scan the building for that fact. There's other bad news:
Nicole hasn't found the shield generator outside the factory, which means that the generator
is inside the factory."

Nobody asked further questions.

"Okay, here's my plan. I need the the fastest of the village to scout the building. That's 
work for you, Sonic"

"Count on me, babe!" said Sonic.

"Sonic, shut up. Then I need two good warriors to destroy the external defenses. That's work
for Bunnie and Knuckles."

"Understood," said Bunnie.

"I will monitor the situation from outside and we will contact you in case of danger. Rotor,
you will build the dimensional shifter for Arboria."

"Roger!" said Rotor.

Tails was surprised that he and Dawn were outside the mission.

"Ok, departure in 10 minutes and..."

"Aunt Sally, you forgot me... and Dawn. He's a great warrior too."

"Tails... " Sally whispered " We can't trust him for now. He might be a spy."

"But, Aunt Sally, he saved my life from Nack!"

"No, Tails. This is a dangerous mission. You can't come because it's too risky and we can't trust
 Dawn for now."

Tails was sad especially for Dawn. He was standing in a corner, looking at the stuff in the room.

"Well, at least I tried, Dawn. We'll have to stay here and wait."

Dawn turned on Tails' direction.

"Tails, my gratitude for your trust in me is endless. But if you really want to bring me on 
that mission, you must find the power deep inside and make it happen."

"Huh?"

"It's against the Jedi's will to disobey to an order, but I'll bring you there for you."

"Would you? But then Sally would be angry with us..."

"Not if we do a good job. Come on, let's go!"

"Ten-four, Dawn!"

				CHAPTER 8 - Attack on the factory

Meanwhile, at Robotnik's palace, Nack the Weasel was telling Robotnik about the new arrival.

"What? Sonic has a new ally? Who is he?"

"Your evilness, his name is Dawn. He has strange powers. We must pay attention."

"What kind of powers?"

"He can steal objects from your hand, can jump very high, can create deflector shields..."

"So he's a Jedi?"

"Yeah, he told me that."

"Mmm... I've read that Jedi's are a strong group from another planet. Nack, you must go and
capture him. We will make him become our strongest ally!"

"But... he's too strong for me!"

"Then we will play the ransom: we will capture some of his friends and he won't say no to 
us. Ha ha ha!"

The three Freedom Fighters groups were ready to strike the factory.

These are the groups:

Group one - Sonic.
Group two - Bunnie, Knuckles.
Group three - Sally.

"Sonic calls Group two and three. We're ready to infiltrate."

"Group three calls group one. Remember to put your bombs on the generators when you find 
them."

"Acknowleged, Group three."

Sonic entered in the factory.

"Ok, let's try to see if the jamming is really working. Sonic, call group three. Can 
 you hear us?"

But Group three received just this:
"S.... .a... ....p t.... c.. ..u ..a. .."

"Sonic... we can't receive anything... find the generator quickly."

Dawn and Tails were spying the others from some bushes. They also had a comm interceptor, 
a thing that could intercept all comms.

"Can you hear them?" asked Dawn
"Yes... they're saying something about a generator... Wait! Robotnik's is saying something...
something about a kidnapping... Oh no!"

"What?"

"They mean to kidnap one of our soldiers... but he didn't specify who!"

"Look! They're splitting now!"

"Oh no. We can't save them if we can't see all of them."

"Let's wait."

Sonic was inside the building and found the generator, but he was surrounded by enemy robots
armed with freeze blasters.

"Surrender or die - hedgehog," said a robot with his robotic voice.

"Yeah, whatever. Try to stop this!" 

He threw a bomb at the generator which exploded. The comm jamming shield was disabled.

"Freeze that hedgehog!" screamed the robot leader.

All the robots fired. Sonic avoided the shots, took his comm unit and said, "Group two and 
three - this is Sonic! I need some help out there! 20th floor out of 30 - room 37."

"Received, Sonic. Knuckles and Bunnie are on their way."

"Uh-oh... Sonic's in danger, Dawn."

"We must wait for the kidnapping. Sonic can wait."

Suddenly, Metal Sonic appeared and kidnapped Sally.

"Hey, another Sonic? And why'd he kidnap Sally?"

"That's not Sonic. He's Metal Sonic, a robot created by Robotnik. He's evil. We must rescue 
Aunt Sally!"

"Hey, that thing can fly! We can't fly!"

"Wrong, take my hands and you'll see."

Dawn took Tails' hand. Tails whirled his tails and started to fly.

"Hey, you're mighty, kid!"

"That's the advantage of having two tails!"

"He's bringing her to the roof of the building."

"Let's go there, then."

				CHAPTER 9 - Kidnapping.

"Rotor to Sonic. Code two. Sally's been kidnapped!"

"What? Where is she now?"

"On the roof. Hurry up!"

Sonic was turning off his comm unit when he heard Robotnik's voice.

"I've got your princess, Sonic. If you want to see her again, you must bring your new 
friend, the Jedi, here."

"He isn't with us, egghead. Release Sally now or face the consequences."

"Liar! He's coming right now with Tails!"

"What? They were at the village. Why are they here?"

"You must come too, Sonic, if you want me to release Sally! Ha ha ha!"

And Sonic turned off his comm unit.

"Let's go to the roof. We must save Sally!" said Sonic.

"Yeah, and give a lesson to Dawn," said Knuckles. "He's ruining it all."

They arrived on the roof and saw Metal Sonic with Sally floating in the sky, Tails and
Dawn, and a lot of robots armed with freeze blasters. Then Robotnik arrived with his flying 
ship.

He said with his loudspeaker, "So, Dawn. Come with me and I'll release Sally. Refuse and she
will make a jump of 200 meters."

"So... you are... hee hee... YOU ARE THE TERRIBLE ROBOTNIK? HA HA HA!!!! EGG MAN!!! HA HA! I
CAN'T BELIEVE IT! AN EVIL EGG MAN!!! HA HA!"

"Shut up, pathetic descendant of monkeys. So, what are you going to do?"

"HA HA!!! WHO'S YOUR MUM? A CHICKEN? BUCKAW BUCKAW BUCKAW!!! HA HA!"

All the Freedom Fighters laughed at Dawn's hen noises. Robotnik was becoming angry.

"Go home, eggy. It's not Easter! Buckaw buckaw! HA HA!

"Shut up, little human. So, are you coming with me?

"I'll never come with you, scum," replied Dawn.

"You will go instead. You're an Overlander and Overlanders only cause troubles!" said 
Knuckles.

"Shut up, Knuckles. Dawn must choose," said Sonic.

"So you won't come, eh? Freeze him then!" Robotnik shouted to his robots.

				CHAPTER 10 - fight on the roof.

A robot shot at Dawn. He pulled out the metal pipe again and pressed the button. The 
sword-shaped light deflected the shot and hit Metal Sonic who crashed on the roof. Sally was
free and ran to Sonic.

"NOOO! Robots, fire at will!!!"

Dawn closed his eyes. The Freedom Fighters didn't understand his behavior.

"Close your eyes too, my friends."

All the Freedom Fighters and even Robotnik closed their eyes.

"I call the help of the sun. May my body flash like daybreak to the fray!!!!"

A huge light was created by Dawn's body. The light was so strong that Robotnik's ship began 
to shudder and had to escape. His robots were overheating and soon they were destroyed. 
After several seconds, the light disappeared. Dawn fell on the ground and the building 
started to tremble.

"Dawn! No!" shouted Tails.

"I'm all right. I need some rest. The building is going to crumble, so run away. Don't think
of me."

"Never! Bunnie, bring him to the village. Knuckles, you can escape alone. Sally, Tails 
will bring you down. Move! Move!" shouted Sonic, while the tremors became stronger.

The fighters evacuated successfully the building and they returned to the village.

				CHAPTER 11 - Return to Arboria.

"Tails, you know that you've disobeyed my orders, right?" said Sally.

"Yes, Aunt Sally, but..."

"No buts. That mission was too risky for you..."

"I know, Aunt Sally. I'm sorry."

"... But with your act of heroism, you saved us and now we know that we can trust Dawn."

"Ah-em... Thanks..."

"Dawn, here's your dimensional shifter. With the green button, you'll go back to Arboria. 
With the blue button, you'll return here. Return here when you want, you're welcome now."

"Yes, maybe not all Overlanders are bad. You're a great warrior, Dawn!" said Knuckles.

"Hey, Knux, you are a pretty good warrior too. If it wasn't for my Jedi powers, I would have
lost."

"But without your powers and my rings, I don't know who is the best! I'd like to discover 
one day."

"Count on me, Knuckles."

Dawn pressed the green button and a green portal appeared.

"Bye to all my friends. I'll be back soon!"

"We can count on it. Bye!"

Dawn entered and the portal closed.

Tails was sad.

"Hey, champion... what's wrong?" asked Sonic.

"I fear that he won't return!"

"Don't say that. If he won't return, we'll go and visit him someday!"

"Are you joking, Sonic?"

"No, buddy."

"Thanks! I'm happy now! Dawn is my second best friend!"

Suddenly, the sun rose. That was the most beautiful dawn on Mobius...

THE END.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Sonic the Hedgehog and other associated characters are based on
the creations of Service and Games (Sega), Archie Comic
Publications, and the Sonic the Hedgehog cartoons created by DIC 
and Sega of America. 