Freedom Fighter's Fight 

  One day in Knothole village, Sonic thought about going to Robotnik's 
city to study it. Sonic, Tails, Sally and Rotor were going to go there. 
They planned to destroy it and robots if there still were robots. They 
left Bunnie and Antoine behind to guard Knothole. So Sonic waited for a
power ring to come up and out of the power ring pool. Soon they were on 
their way!  

  They saw Nack the weasel on their way and he was pretty easy to 
defeat him since it was four against one. Once they got him back in 
jail, they continued their journey. They walked closer and closer to 
the city. But they slowed down to see that a wounded hedgehog was dying
on the road. Sonic and Tails raced over to see Anthony the hedgehog 
lying on the road. Sonic picked him up and raced back to Knothole. He 
gave him to Dr. Quack and Anthony said, "Robotnik did this. He's coming
to Knothole. And he's going to kill Sonic and everyone else." 

  "Robotnik! I should have known it from the start! But I killed him!" 
How did he get back alive?"

  "One of his robots brought him back with a machine."

  "How?" 

  "It was programmed to bring back anyone who got in it." 

  "Thanks, Anthony, that's all I need to know. Quack, fix up this 
injured hedgehog while I go kill 'Buttnik once more and destroy his 
machine and all the robots." Sonic said, "Tails, come with me. We can't
keep Sally and Rotor waiting." 

  "So come on!" They ran back to Sally and Rotor. "Sorry we kept you 
waiting." 

  "That's okay, Sonic. Anthony told us a long story and I know how to
get rid of this nonsense." 

  "Nonsense? What do you mean nonsense? Robotnik; he's back alive by a 
machine a robot built that brings someone back to life!"

  "Wow!" said Sally. "I'd bet Nicole's gots some info about this 
machine. Uh, Nicole, all info on the dead to alive machine." 

  "Scanning, Sally- The dead to alive machine is 99,000000 years old. 
It was made in the Stone Age when Robotnik's great ancestors lived. He 
died like Robotnik and his name was Stonenik. All info on the dead to 
alive machine. 

  "Well, Sonic?" 

  "Great, now let's go."

  "Okay." So they went to the city to where Robotnik once was situated. S

  Sonic ran to Robotnik and said, "I'll kill you until you're dead!" 

  "Oh, is that so, hedgehog?" 
 
  "Yep, and it's marked all over you!"

  "Okay, we'll just have to see about that!" Sonic ran even closer and 
tripped. The power ring flew towards Robotnik! Then out of nowhere, 
Rotor jumped in front of Robotnik and caught it! Sonic got up and said, 
"Great shot! Tails, spin your tails in a fast circle and trim 'Buttnik's
mustache." 

  Tails did and Sonic started laughing. "Nice tails! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!"

  Rotor used the ring. Robotnik flew up in the air and glowed. Then he 
disappeared and disintegrated. They went back to Knothole and Rotor was
the Freedom Fighter of the day; orders by Uncle Chuck. Chuck and Sonic 
were happy because Rotor studied it. And Rotor told everyone to come to
the center of Knothole. He put the ring on Chuck and he was 
deroboticized. Everyone cheered!

                                  THE END 