
                            HOMECOMING

                    A Sonic the Hedgehog story

                       by Daniel J. Drazen


PAUSE FOR BOURGEOIS LEGALITIES: This story is copyright   1997 by
the author.  The following corporate entities hold the copyright to
their respective characters: Sega Corporation: Sonic the Hedgehog,
Tails; DiC Productions: Princess Sally, Bunnie Rabbot, Antoine,
Dulcy, Sabina, the character referred to by the author as
"Clarissa".  Distribution of this story is rabidly encouraged with
the following exceptions: a) that you do not alter the text in any
manner; b) that you do not delete the author's name or otherwise
attempt to pass off this work as your own; c) that you don't try to
make a buck off of it.  In the case of c), contact me first at
drazen@andrews.edu and we'll discuss my cut.  All the relevant
provisions of the U.S. Code pertaining to copyright (Title 17)
apply.




     It wasn't as bad as the summer of 3231, but it was bad enough.
     The summer days started warm, got more oppressive, and were
still stifling in the middle of the night.  Sleep was impossible
while trying to gulp in the night air, as warm and thick as soup. 
Yet it was only too easy to fall into a kind of sleep while on
watch, a sleep that didn't refresh.  There was nothing that Sally
could do but suspend all operations of the Knothole Freedom
Fighters until the weather broke.
     Rotor was one of the two residents of Knothole able to take
the weather in stride.  He simply spent every possible moment in
the power ring pool or the river -- something that most of the rest
of the group wouldn't do unless absolutely necessary.  The other
was Dulcy.  Being a dragon, she was cold-blooded and didn't feel
the effects of the heat.
     Sally had expected Antoine to act the worst of the group
because of the heat.  It was in Antoine's nature to be the first to
complain when something went wrong, especially when he wasn't
responsible for it.  But in fact Antoine said next to nothing about
the weather; Tails suffered more than the others.
     For some reason, Tails hasn't shed his winter fur.  Bookshire
thought that it was an ill-timed side-effect of the young cub's
growing up: his body was readjusting itself and so a shedding cycle
had been skipped.  This was of no comfort at all to Tails, who was
exhausted and miserable.  Sonic had scrounged what was left of a
table fan from the trash heap on the edge of Mobitropolis and Rotor
had been able to cobble it together so that it worked again.  Sonic
had brought it to Tails earlier that morning and now, just short of
midday, he entered Tails' hut to see how he was doing.
     Sonic felt no difference in the temperature as he walked into
the hut.  Even from the doorway he realized that the fan was only
moving the hot, humid air inside from one place to another.  Tails
lay sprawled on his bed face down.  He was panting slowly, as if
breathing any quicker was too great an effort for him.
     "That fan helping any, big guy?" Sonic asked.
     "A little," Tails lied.
     "How you doing?" he asked as he sat down on the edge of the
bed.  Tails didn't answer.
     "You awake?"
     "Yeah."  There was a trace of sullenness in his voice.  "I'm
just tired."
     "You sure?"
     "Yes, I'm sure!" Tails snapped.  This was so uncharacteristic
of Tails that Sonic leapt to his feet.  "I'm tired of the heat, I'm
tired of sweating, I'm tired of my fur, I'm tired of drinking water
and going to the bathroom, and I'm really getting tired of you! 
Just leave me alone!"  With that he jammed his face back into his
pillow.  More hurt than angry, Sonic turned to leave.
     "Sonic?"
     Tails' voice sounded small and sad.  Sonic turned.
     "I'm sorry."
     "I know," he said softly.  "Call if you need me." 
     Sonic left the hut and leaned on the railing nearby.  He was
thinking about Tails, trying to come up with SOME way to help his
little friend, when he noticed Antoine walking past wearing one of
his usual dress uniforms, buttoned right up to the throat.  The day
was just as oppressive as the one before, but there was still a
spring in Antoine's step that made Sonic suspicious.
     "Hey, Ant!" he called out, "how come you ain't dying with the
rest of us?"
     "As usual, you have underestimationed moi," he replied with a
little too much arrogance.  "It is oblivious that I am having the
infernal resources that you do not.  Now if I will be excusing
you."
     Antoine turned about sharply and instantly collided with
Princess Sally, who had walked up quietly and had been standing
right behind him.  It took him about a second to jump back,
apologizing profusely.  He then continued on his way as Sally
slowly walked toward Sonic.
     "Yo, Sal, weren't you bein' kinda 'friendly' with old Ant
there?"
     "Friendship had nothing to do with it, Sonic.  He's been far
too comfortable these last few days.  And I'm beginning to
understand why."
     "What's up?"
     "I WANTED him to bump into me."  She ran one hand across the
fur on her chest and belly where she'd come in contact with the
uniform.  "The metal buttons on the front of his uniform...they
were like ice!"  
     "You think Ant's been keeping his clothes in the fridge?"
     "I checked that out first thing; Rosie says he hasn't."
     "What's the deal, then?"
     "I don't know, but I'm going to find out."
     It was midday now with the sun at its peak.  Sally and Sonic
spotted Antoine walking toward the edge of Knothole and into the
Great Forest.  Fighting the urge to simply rest from the heat, they
started trailing him.
     They followed him to a nearby meadow, where they learned
Antoine's secret, for in the middle of the clearing lay Dulcy.  She
raised her head as Antoine approached.
     "Hey, Tony.  Back for more?"
     "Si vous plait," he answered as he handed something to the
dragon.  Dulcy examined it.  Even without a range finder, Sally
recognized it as part of Antoine's food ration.
     "OK, climb on in," she said. "But leave the boots outside this
time!"
     Antoine removed his boots, then began to crawl inside the
pouch on Dulcy's abdomen.  Sonic and Sally exchanged puzzled looks. 
Then Dulcy inhaled, inflating the two air sacs in front of her and
ballooning her body out of shape.  Inserting her snout into her
pouch, she let out a blast of air.  When Dulcy withdrew her snout,
the lip of her pouch was lined with a thin edge of frost.
     "Man, if that isn't BOGUS!!" Sonic said in a harsh whisper. 
"Ant's got himself a private cold room!"
     "I KNEW he was up to something!"
     "Yeah, well this is where the hedgehog is gonna fix Ant's ice
wagon."
     "But Sonic..." she began.
     "I won't hurt him, Sal.  Chill out!"
     "I wish!"
     Sonic quietly stepped out of his hiding place and began
tiptoeing toward Dulcy.  The moment the dragon saw Sonic, he put
his finger to his lips.  When he was next to Dulcy's head she bent
toward Sonic, who whispered something in her ear.  Dulcy nodded and
flashed a thumbs-up at Sonic.
     Without any warning, Dulcy spread her wings and shot up into
the pale blue sky.  The only sound was the faint trace of Antoine
in Dulcy's pouch, screaming in terror.  Sally emerged and stood
next to Sonic.
     "I've got to hand it to you," she admitted, "this was one of
your better ideas."
     "Hey, ALL my ideas are cool."
     "No way!"
     "Yes way!"
     After a couple of minutes of looping and rolling, Dulcy
settled back down to the ground.  "End of the ride, Ant!" Sonic
called out.  Antoine crawled out of Dulcy's pouch, his face slowly
turning from one shade of green to another.
     "I...have been...torturated," he managed to say.
     "Serves you right, Antoine," Sally said.
     "What are we gonna do to him, Sal?"
     "Nothing for the time being, Sonic.  It's too hot, and I think
he's suffering enough at the moment."
     "Speaking of suffering, Dulce, how'd you like to save a life?"


***


     A few minutes later, most of the Knothole Freedom Fighters
were reclining with their backs against Dulcy's cold flank, in the
shade of one of her outstretched wings.  All except for Tails, who
was tucked inside the dragon's pouch surrounded by her frigid
breath.  Sonic, who was leaning near Dulcy's pouch, patted the
lump.  "Feeling better, big guy?"
     After a second of wriggling, Tails' head emerged.  "Way
better, Sonic!  Thanks, Dulcy," he added.
     "No problem.  Only don't move around so much in there; your
fur tickles!"
     "Sally-girl," Bunnie asked as she stretched her arms, "why the
hoo-ha didn't we think of this before?"
     "Out of respect for Dulcy."
     "Uh-huh.  We dragons aren't supposed to use our Powers for
just any reason.  But then Sonic told me how bad Tails was doing so
I figured I'd help him out.  Besides, there's no point letting my
cold go to waste."
     "How do you DO that, anyway?" Sally asked.
     "Sorry, Sally, that's classified."
     "Man, how many times have I heard THAT before?"
     "Sonic," Sally said, "you KNOW dragons keep to themselves. 
Dulcy isn't allowed to tell us about her world."
     "And Ah think it's a cryin' shame.  Ah got me a million
questions!"
     "It's like I keep telling you guys," Dulcy replied.  "Some
things are only passed on from dragon to dragon.  There's still a
lot of stuff *I* never learned from...."
     It was so unlike Dulcy to stop in mid-sentence that everybody
looked at her.  She, in turn, was craning her neck and looking up
toward the sky.
     "Is something wrong?" Sally asked.
     "Yeah, Dulce," Sonic added, "is it one of Buttnik's hover
units?"
     "No," she said doubtfully.  "Nothing like that.  I just saw
something, that's all."  It seemed as if she didn't want to talk
about it, but she kept on looking upward.
     "Dulcy, are you SURE you're all right?"
     "I'm fine, Sally, really.  For a moment I thought I...."
     Suddenly a shadow swept across the meadow, one that everybody
noticed.  The Freedom Fighters all jumped to their feet, ready to
scatter into the Great Forest if necessary.  Dulcy, however,
continued looking up into the sky.
     "Dulcy, what IS it?"
     Just then they all saw something sail over the meadow.  The
shape of it was unmistakable.  Dulcy's eyes widened.
     "MA!!!"
     Before anyone could react, Dulcy was in the air.  The Freedom
Fighters looked up as Dulcy, calling out, began circling over the
clearing.
     "Oh, mah stars!  Can you believe it?"
     "I know, Bunnie," Sally said.  "Isn't it great?"
     "Hey!" Sonic blurted out.  "Where's Tails?"
     At that moment, as Dulcy's mother, Sabina, began to circle her
daughter, Tails stuck his head out of Dulcy's pouch.  Sabina's eyes
widened and her jaw dropped.
     "Hi!" he said good-naturedly.
     Immediately, Sabina dove toward the clearing with Dulcy close
behind her.  At the last moment, Sabina pulled up short of the
ground.  Dulcy touched down, a little roughly.  Sabrina landed with
more skill right behind her.  The Freedom Fighters began to gather
round.
     "Sabina," Sally began.
     "Please," the adult dragon said, "I wish to talk to my
daughter in private."  She said it so authoritatively that everyone
began backing away.  Sonic helped Tails crawl out of Dulcy's pouch
and they joined the others.
     "Is Dulcy in trouble, Sonic?" Tails asked.
     Before Sonic could reply, they heard Sabina saying: "Dulcinea
Jasmine Nightwing, what do you have to say for yourself?"
     Sonic and Tails exchanged glances.  Dulcy was in trouble, all
right.
     "But Ma...."
     "Do you have any idea how long I've been looking for you?  The
risks I've run in order to...."
     "I'm sorry, Ma," Dulcy said, her head hung low.  Sabina
paused, then brought her head close to her daughter's.
     "I didn't mean to sound cross, dear," she said softly, "but
I've been so worried about you, and I've missed you so much."
     "I missed you too, Ma."
     "We'll speak no more about it for the moment, then.  Are you
ready?"
     "Ready for what, Ma?"
     "Why to leave here, of course.  To return home to begin your
apprenticeship."
     "But Ma!"
     "Dulcy, you KNOW it's time."
     "But...."
     "If you please, Sabina," Sally spoke up.
     "Yes, what is it?"
     "Your coming here is a shock for all of us, not just Dulcy. 
I really think she needs time to get ready."
     "Well," Sabina said, "I suppose I do owe you a favor, and
since you put it that way...very well.  Dulcy, you have until
midnight to prepare.  Now I'd like to continue talking to my
daughter in private."
     "Of course, Sabina.  Come on, everyone."
     Silently the Freedom Fighters turned and began walking back
toward Knothole.  The warm, humid air surrounding them suddenly
seemed more oppressive than ever.
     "OK, Sal," Sonic asked, "what's the ol' plan?"
     "What plan?"
     "The plan to get Dulcy to stay in Knothole."
     "I don't have a plan, Sonic."
     "You're kidding, right?"
     "I'm kidding, wrong!  This is Dulcy's life and we can't
interfere, no matter how we may feel about it."
     "Sally-girl, what did she mean when she said she owed you a
favor?"
     "Remember when Sonic and I tried using the Time Stones to
travel to the past and stop Robotnik from taking over?"
     "I just remember the major headache I got from all that time
traveling," Sonic spoke up.  Sally rolled her eyes but otherwise
let the remark pass.
     "Anyway, we prevented Robotnik from roboticizing Sabina while
we were there.  It's nice to know she hasn't forgotten."
     "But what's gonna happen to Dulcy, Aunt Sally?" Tails asked.
     "I wish I knew, honey; I wish I knew."


***


     That evening, a strong wind began to sweep through the tops of
the trees of the Great Forest.  The Freedom Fighters could feel the
air temperature begin to dip.  The hot weather had finally broken. 
But this realization did nothing to lift the spirits of those in
Knothole.
     They took their evening meal in silence and said little to
each other afterward.  They ended up drifting off to their huts
individually.
     Yet it appeared nobody got any sleep, for lights continued to
burn in the huts as the evening wore on.  Finally, as midnight
approached, the pretending ended.  The Freedom Fighters gathered in
the center of Knothole, then began walking toward the meadow where
they had left Dulcy and Sabina earlier that day.  As they drew
nearer, they heard a strange heaving sound.  Worried, they ran the
rest of the way.  They arrived to find the two dragons still there.
     "Oh, Dulcy," Sabina was saying, her voice full of concern,
"I...I never knew...."
     As they got closer they saw that Dulcy was sprawled on the
ground, sobbing.  They immediately ran to her.
     "Dulcy!" Sally said as she knelt near the dragon's head.  "Are
you all right?"
     Dulcy continued crying quietly; she merely nodded.
     "Princess," Sabina said, "did Dulcy ever tell you how she came
to Knothole?"
     "No, and she urged us not to ask her."
     "Dulcy," Sabina said to her daughter, "they should know."  It
took a few minutes before Dulcy had pulled herself together
sufficiently to speak.
     "Ma and the older dragons always talked about what life was
like when we lived out in the open.  But ever since Robotnik took
over we've been living in...in an old sanctuary that dragons used
to use."  The Freedom Fighters could tell Dulcy was choosing her
words carefully.
     "It isn't easy getting in and out of there.  But one day I
wanted to get out so bad, just to see what the rest of Mobius
looked like, that I tried.  I was scared because of my...my
claustrowhatsit."
     "Claustrophobia," Sally said.
     "Anyway, once I was out, I knew I should get back inside. 
But...but I was too scared to try!  So...I ran away.  I flew away,
really.  And I kept flying until I was ready to drop.  And when I
dropped, it was into Knothole."
     "That was way lucky, Dulce," Sonic added.  "You coulda flown
into a bunch of SWATbots."
     "Sonic, you and Sally and everyone have been swell to me.  At
first I figured I'd just stay in Knothole until I was brave enough
to try getting back in again, but...."
     "Dulcy," Sally said, "that kind of courage doesn't just happen
to you while you're waiting."
     "Yeah.  You gotta do it to it!" Sonic added.
     "That's what my Ma's been telling me just now.  Well, not in
those words...."
     "Dulcy," Sally went on, "we've come to...."
     "Look, guys, if you're gonna try and talk me out of
leaving...."
     "No, Dulcy," Sally said quietly.  "We've all heard you talk
about Sabina before.  And we saw the look on your face when she
flew over and you recognized her.  Dulcy, you're getting a chance
to do what the rest of us have only been able to dream about doing
ever since we got here: you're getting a chance to go home, to be
reunited with your family."
     "Yeah," Bunnie sniffled, "Ah'd give anything if Ah could see
mah Mama and mah Daddy again."
     "Dulcy, what I'm trying to say..."
     "And mah big brother Rooney."
     "What I'm trying..."
     "And mah big sister Lindsey."
     "What..."
     "And mah bigger sister Breanna."
     "Bunnie!"
     "And mah bigger brother Brandon."
     There was a silence that lasted for a couple of seconds. 
Sonic put his hands on his hips and started tapping one foot. 
"We're waiting," he prompted.
     "That's all!" Bunnie sobbed out.  "Ah was the baby!"  She
buried her face in Sally's shoulder and wept.
     "Dulcy," Sally began once more.
     "It's OK, Sal," Dulcy replied.  "I really want to go home. 
I've lost count of how many times I've dreamed about it.  But I
thought it wasn't gonna happen until after we'd taken care of
Robotnik."
     "Are you going away forever?" Tails asked.
     "Not forever, Tails.  I can visit you guys once my
apprenticeship is over."
     "Cool!" Sonic said.  "How long will that take?"
     "Usually, it takes about a hundred years."
     "Whoa, NOT cool!"
     "But if I work at it real hard, I can maybe get done in
fifty."
     "This is too bogus.  I'm outta here!"  And with that, Sonic
tore down the trail leading back to Knothole.
     "Sonic, hold it!" Dulcy called out, as she began to follow
him.  Sally looked as if she were going to follow Dulcy.
     "Let her go," Sabina said.  "I know she only wants to say
good-bye to Sonic.  And I want to thank you all for being such good
friends to her."
     "She's been a great help to us, Sabina."
     Just then, Dulcy appeared walking down the path and back into
the clearing.  "Where's Sonic?" Sally asked.
     "He just said he hates saying 'Goodbye'."
     "I don't suppose I blame him."  Then, without another word,
she wrapped her arms around Dulcy's neck.  "Take care of yourself,"
she managed to whisper.  Each of the Freedom Fighters in turn said
a tearful goodbye to Dulcy, then watched as the two dragons flew up
and vanished into the night sky.  Then they silently made their way
back to Knothole.
     "It ain't gonna be the same around here without that ol'
sugar-dragon," Bunnie told Sally as she prepared to enter her hut.
     "I know.  But it's not like she's been roboticized or...."
     "Aunt Sally!"
     Sally and Bunnie turned to watch Tails flying toward them.
     "What's wrong, honey?"
     "I went to find Sonic 'cause I wanted to talk to him, but he's
not in his hut."
     "He's probably just out taking a walk, thinking about Dulcy."
     "Nuh-uh.  He's not anywhere in Knothole.  I looked."
     "Did he tell anyone where he was going?"
     "I don't think so.  He didn't leave a note or anything!"
     "That's not like Sonic.  He may be impulsive but he's never
been THAT irresponsible!  I don't like this."


***


     "Is that it up ahead, Ma?"
     Sabina and Dulcy had flown without stopping.  They were now
far to the north of the Great Forest, where the Mobian landscape
became hard and forbidding.  There was no thick foliage here--only
scattered clumps of trees and grasslands surrounding hundreds of
lakes.  It was open country as far as the eye could see, stretching
to the north to turn into foothills that suddenly gave way to a
range of volcanic mountains that few Mobians ever saw.  Those who
had seen them long ago when the continent was being mapped had
named them "The Dragon's Spine."  They never knew how accurate they
were.
     "Look again, dear."
     Dulcy looked ahead of her.  Being a dragon, her eyes could
discern the details of the landscape even in the faintest
starlight.
     "I can see it now, Ma!  I can see the White Cauldron!"
     The White Cauldron was the name the dragons of long ago had
given to one of the extinct volcanoes that made up The Dragon's
Spine.  It rose so high that its top and crater were permanently
covered with snow.  Yet its significance lay in the fact that it
was used as a landmark to help guide dragons home.
     "Good, dear.  Now look for the entrance."
     Dulcy scanned the ground ahead of her.  At the foot of the
White Cauldron, just to the left of a jagged cleft in the
mountainside, was a lake which from the ground looked no different
from any of the hundred other lakes in the area.  But Dulcy and
Sabina knew better.
     "Got it!"
     "Are you ready?"
     "Ready as I'll ever be," she said uncertainly.
     "Remember, I'll be close by if you need help, but...."
     "I know, Ma: like Sonic said, I gotta do it to it."
     With that, the two dragons inhaled, filling their air sacs. 
Then, as they were just approaching the lake, they folded their
wings, fell from the sky and dove into the water.
     Once beneath the surface, their eyes became accustomed to the
murky depths.  For a second Dulcy wondered whether her mother would
go first.  To her dismay she realized that this wasn't going to
happen.  Dulcy moved forward.
     Ahead of her lay a cave.  Despite its enormous size it would
have been invisible to the eye of most Mobians.  Dulcy headed for
it.  Just before reaching it, she started to swim slower.  She was
starting to feel the old panic rise inside her when she remembered
who was with her.  She drove herself into the tunnel.
     The next minute was a blur to Dulcy as she alternatively swam
and crawled through the ancient, narrow tunnel.  Once she quickly
buried her snout in her abdominal pouch, but just as quickly
withdraw it.  On she crawled, Sabina following closely.  
     Then she saw it ahead: the surface of the water, with light
above it.  With a tremendous effort, she hastened up and out of the
water and began gulping in air as she crawled out of the pool in
which she had just surfaced.  She lay on the shore, panting and
trembling and eyes wide with fright, as Sabina exited the pool more
calmly.
     "Dulcy, I know that was a very hard thing for you to do,
but...."
     "Ma, please, can you leave me alone for a minute?"
     Sabina nodded and walked off down a long tunnel so her
daughter could pull herself together.  As soon as she had walked a
short way, Dulcy looked up.  Satisfied that Sabina was out of sight
and out of hearing, she used one claw to pull open her pouch. 
Instantly, Sonic tumbled out, wearing his backpack and gasping for
breath.
     "Thanks, Dulce," he managed to say between gasps.  "If you
hadn't blown me some more air, I'd have been toast!"
     "Keep your voice down!" she said in a harsh whisper. 
"Nobody's supposed to know you're here yet."
     "Yeah, well, the sooner I can talk to the dragon in charge,
the better I'll like it."
     "I can arrange that!" someone roared from the shadows behind
them.  Sonic turned but his eyes were still not used to the low
light inside which was more than sufficient for a dragon to see. 
But Dulcy saw, all too clearly, a large dragon head projecting from
the rock wall behind them.  Before she could say anything, a
massive talon shot out of the wall and grabbed Sonic from behind,
holding him fast.  As he struggled, a brown dragon even larger than
Sabina stepped out of the rock as easily as Dulcy and Sabina had
stepped out of the water.  He held Sonic close to his glowing
golden eyes.
     "So, you want to talk to the Matriarch!  Choose your words
carefully, Outsider; most likely they'll be your last!"


***


     Sabina had hoped for a more joyous reception when  she and
Dulcy had returned.  Instead, to her chagrin, there was to be a
tribunal presided over by the Matriarch and the heads of the dragon
clans.
     Mobian dragons belonged to one of four distinct clans.  These
clans were divided by the nature of the Powers that a dragon
possessed.  The most numerous were the Air Dragons, the clan to
which Sabina and Dulcy belonged.  They were the first of the winged
dragons, and while other dragons of other clans were capable of
flight, none were as adept as they.  It was also they who could
inhale fantastic amounts of air and expel it as either searing heat
or arctic cold or thick smoke.
     Least numerous were the Water Dragons, which some ancient
seagoing Mobians had mistakenly referred to as "sea serpents." 
They were placid and gentle, and were uncomfortable if out of the
water for a very long time.  They were the only Mobian dragons who
did not have scales; instead, their skin was smooth like a
dolphin's.
     The Fire Dragons were unmistakable, with their coal-black
scales and flaming red eyes and brilliant bands of red and yellow
along their bodies.  They lived far below the surface, close to the
planet's core, and felt more at home rolling in pools of glowing
magma than anywhere else.  They did not have to breathe fire, for
theirs was the Power to BECOME fire.
     The Ground Dragons, like the one who had apprehended Sonic,
moved through solid rock as easily as the Water Dragons moved
through the water.  Of all Mobian dragons, they were the most
cunning and stealthy.
     Now, one of each of the different kinds of dragons were
gathered in the center of the dragon sanctuary.  The sanctuary was,
in fact, the remnants of an ancient dragon community carved from
the inside of the Dragon's Spine.  It extended for miles in all
directions and rose hundreds of feet to the ceiling of the cavern,
affording plenty of room for young hatchlings just learning to fly.
     But now there were only a handful of hatchlings that the
dragons could count among themselves.  And the dragons who lived
beneath the White Cauldron didn't begin to fill up all the living
spaces.
     The four clan leaders were gathered around an ancient female
Ground Dragon.  This was the Matriarch, the dragon who judged
disputes and settled matters of law and custom.  The matter before
her now was a serious one: the bringing of an Outsider into the
world of dragons.  That Outsider, a hedgehog named Sonic, had been
smuggled inside by Dulcinea Nightwing.
     "So when do I get a chance to say something?" Sonic whispered
to Dulcy, who was seated on the ground next to him.
     "You don't."
     "Say WHAT!?"
     "Sonic, Outsiders don't talk to the Matriarch and she doesn't
talk to them.  I thought we could maybe get a hearing in front of
the clan leaders."
     At that moment the Matriarch rose.  Sonic and Dulcy stood up.
     "Do you speak for the Outsider?" she asked Dulcy.
     "Yes, ma'am."
     "By what right?"
     "As a...a Protector, ma'am."
     "Is this true?" the Matriarch asked as she looked to the clan
leaders.
     "Yes," the leader of the Air Dragons said finally. "It was I
who declared it so."
     "When did this happen, Clarissa?"
     "When I was outside, looking for...for Christopher, my time
came and I found myself journeying to Dragonsnest.  Dulcy, and this
Outsider and his friends, saved my life and my egg.  I would not
have a hatchling if it weren't for them."  She glanced down at the
pouch on her abdomen, at the small head sticking out and taking in
the world with wide eyes.  Sonic, who had been there when the egg
had hatched, smiled.
     "Dulcinea," the Matriarch resumed, "why did you bring the
Outsider here?"
     "He...he wanted to talk to you about what I've been doing,
ma'am.  About our fighting against Robotnik."
     "And was this his idea or yours?"
     "It was his idea to try and talk to you.  I came up with the
idea that he could hide in my pouch.  We sorta worked it out while
my Ma was taking a nap yesterday afternoon.  When everyone in
Knothole came to say goodbye, he pretended to get upset and run
away, and I pretended to chase after him.  That's when he hid
himself in my pouch."
     "And what did he hope to accomplish?"
     "He thought maybe you'd allow me to go back to Knothole and
help them fight Robotnik."
     "He wanted you to stay with them, and not return to your own
home?  With your own mother?"
     Dulcy had wanted to keep the focus on fighting against
Robotnik.  She was afraid that if she started thinking too much
about Sabina and the other dragons she'd lose the desire to return
to Knothole.  And that's just what was happening.  She hung her
head, and Sonic saw tears welling up in her eyes.  "C'mon, Dulce,"
Sonic thought, "don't bail on me now!"
     "That is answer enough," the Matriarch said.  Without another
word, the Matriarch and the clan leaders withdrew and began
discussing among themselves in guttural tones.  Sonic looked at
Dulcy.
     "I'm sorry, Sonic," Dulcy said.
     "It's cool," Sonic said.  "Sal always tells me that I act
before I think, anyway.  Guess this was one of those times.  Man,
I thought it could WORK!"
     "Maybe it could've, if you'd gotten a chance."
     "Sonic."  It was Sabina, approaching the two of them.  "I
should tell you something.
     "You need to know what we dragons have faced.  If you know
anything about our history, you know how we weren't regarded as
being like other Mobians.  You know that we built places like this
because we were hunted.  And we're being hunted now as surely as we
were thousands of years ago.  Hunted to be made into Robotnik's
slaves.
     "I know that probably means little to you, because all Mobians
share the same fate, but that's how we as a race have chosen to
survive, to safeguard ourselves and our young.  Don't think ill of
us for doing what we do."
     Sonic had never fought so hard to hold his tongue as he did at
that moment.  Before he could tell Sabina or any other dragon what
he thought of them and their way of not dealing with Robotnik, the
huddle broke up.  All eyes were on the Matriarch.
     "Dulcinea, your case will be adjudged later.  As for the
Outsider, he is free to leave.  To those who assist him in leaving,
the traditional provision applies."  With that, the meeting broke
up and the dragons began going their separate ways.
     "That's IT!?" Sonic asked.  "I'm outta here?"
     "It's not that easy, Outsider," the Ground Dragon looming
behind Sonic said.  "You're free to leave, provided you go out the
way you came in."
     "Say WHAT!?"
     "Hope you like the water, Outsider," he said as he ambled
away, chuckling.
     "Dulce, I...."
     "I know: you can't swim."
     "Man, this is bogus!  If it weren't for all that water I could
run that tunnel in a Sonic second."
     "I wish I could help you, Sonic," Dulcy said.  "But you heard
the Matriarch."
     "Yeah, what was THAT all about?"
     "Any dragon who helps you get out of here, they...they'll be
banished from the society of dragons.  Forever."
     Sonic looked as if he'd been struck in the head.  He turned
and walked away from Dulcy, who hung her head.  Sabina approached
her.
     "Dulcy?"
     She turned away from Sabina.
     "Dulcy, look at me.  You don't know what we've been up against
here since you left, and I didn't want to tell you until we were
safely inside.  There's another reason why the Matriarch insisted
that nobody leave, and why it took me so long to begin looking for
you.
     "We're being watched.  Those with the gift of foresight sensed
it some time ago.  There's someone or something out there hunting
for us, looking for a way inside.  Everybody here has been on edge. 
Once the presence was sensed to have moved away from us along the
Dragon's Spine, I felt free to leave and look for you."
     "What is it, Ma?"
     "We don't know.  There's something unsettlingly familiar about
it, but nobody wants to risk...."
     Suddenly there was a sound, one familiar to Dulcy.  It was the
sound of Sonic running.  He passed Dulcy and Sabina in a blur, made
straight for the pool, and dove in.
     "SONIC!"
     Without thinking, Dulcy scrambled toward the pool and dove in
herself.
     Sonic had not gotten very far on his own; he'd apparently
thought that with enough of a running start he could still run the
tunnel.  Dulcy caught up with him in a moment.  He was grasping a
power ring in one hand.  He wasn't moving.
     Dulcy grabbed Sonic and stuffed him inside her pouch.  Then
she began swimming like she'd never swum before.  She was so intent
on getting Sonic to the end of the tunnel she felt no fear, only
concern for Sonic's life.
     Soon Dulcy sensed the lake just ahead of her.  She immediately
headed for the surface once she was clear of the tunnel.  Breaking
the surface, she flapped toward shore and dumped Sonic on the
sparse grass.  She pried the power ring from Sonic's grip.
     "C'mon, Sonic!  Wake up!" Dulcy urged.
     A second passed silently.  Then Sonic began coughing up water. 
Dulcy watched him intently.  He rolled onto his stomach, moaned and
opened his eyes, then looked up at Dulcy.
     "I owe you, Dulce...big time!"
     "No prob, Sonic."
     "But you're stuck out here now.  What are...."
     A deafening roar interrupted Sonic.  They turned and saw a
dragon, its skin a dull gray color, burst through a small clump of
trees toward them.  There was something unusual about his
appearance, but Sonic wasn't sure what it was until the dragon
turned toward him, regarding him with glowing red eyes.
     "HEDGEHOG," he said slowly.  "PRIORITY ONE."
     "Man, I'm really getting sick of hearing that!" he groaned.
     The dragon lunged at Sonic, who had the presence of mind to
grab the power ring from Dulcy and make a run for it.  He headed
for the foot of the mountains.  Looking over his shoulder, he saw
the dragon right behind him.
     He then began heading up the side of the mountain; this only
made him more conspicuous but it was the only thing he could think
to do to buy time.  As he ran, the roboticized dragon spread its
wings and took to the air.  It paused for a second as if to prepare
to dive at Sonic.
     Suddenly, there was a crash.  Dulcy, who had pretty much been
ignored, had dived out of the sky and slammed into the other
dragon.  She wrapped her arms and wings around the dragon, and
together they tumbled back down the mountain in a ball.  They
landed at the bottom with Dulcy hanging on with all her strength.
     "Sonic!  Now!!"
      Sonic dashed toward the two dragons.  Discerning what Dulcy
meant, Sonic took the power ring and placed it on the horn which
protruded from the dragon's forehead.  It sparked as it came in
contact with the dragon's metal skin, and he roared.  Sonic pressed
the ring tight and hung on.
     The dragon struggled for a minute, then subsided.  The red
light of his eyes dimmed.  Sonic and Dulcy started to relax.
     Then they noticed other dragons approaching -- the dragons
from inside the White Cauldron.  Most emerged from the pool, though
the Ground Dragons began springing up through the ground.  The
roboticized dragon then began to raise his head.
     "It...it's over," he said weakly, as if coming out of a
trance.  "I'm free of Robotnik's control; I can feel it."
     Clarissa snaked her way through the crowd and approached him. 
"Christopher!" she cried out as she ran to him.  The two began
rubbing their heads against each other in a show of affection.
     "Are you all right, Clarissa?"
     "I'm fine, Christopher.  We both are."
     "'Both?'  I don't understand."
     "When I went out to look for you several months ago, I...it
became my time."
     "You mean...."
     Without another word, Clarissa reached into her pouch and
gently withdrew her sleeping hatchling.  Even in his roboticized
state, Christopher's eyes widened.  Sonic couldn't help but smile
warmly.
     "Sabina.  Dulcinea.  I have decided."  It was the Matriarch.
     "When Robotnik began hunting down us dragons and roboticizing
us, we retreated to our traditional sanctuary.  Perhaps we trusted
too much in tradition.  We ended up mistaking cowardice for
prudence, and we were so intent on not becoming Robotnik's
prisoners that we made ourselves prisoners to our fears.
     "Having said that, you must realize, Dulcinea, that we cannot
join your friends in their fight against Robotnik.  Whatever you or
they may think, our first duty is to insure the survival of our
kind.
     "Dulcinea, you were young and awkward when you left us.  You
may have lacked the courage to return to your home then, and your
fears may have stressed you to the limit when you did return.  But
I saw no lack of courage when you saved the life of the Outsider,
or when you helped free Christopher's mind.  Sabina would be doing
you a disservice by insisting that you remain here for the
traditional term of your apprenticeship.  The closeness of family
has always been treasured by dragons, therefore nothing pains me as
much as my decision that your banishment from our world begins here
and now."
     Sabina bowed her head and let out a choking sob.  "Oh, Ma,"
Dulcy whispered.
     "I further recommend," the Matriarch continued, "that Dulcinea
return with the Outsider to whence they came.  She belongs to their
world now, not ours.  As much as we might desire to see Sabina and
Dulcinea reunited, we cannot set aside centuries of dragon custom
to accomplish that end.  The day will come when dragons can live on
the surface of Mobius once more; today is not that day."
     Without another word, the Matriarch returned to the inside of
the mountain.  Sabina stood where she was, her head still hung low. 
Dulcy walked over to her.  "Ma?"
     Sabina raised her head.
     "I...I didn't mean for things to work out like...."
     "You've nothing to apologize for, dear.  I love you, Dulcy,
and I'm proud of you; one day, when we dragons can live out in the
open again, I hope we can be worthy of your company."
     "I love you, too, Ma."  The two dragons rubbed their heads
together, then Sabina slowly turned and slid back into the water
and in a second was lost from sight.  Dulcy and Sonic stood alone.
     "It's a bummer the way things turned out, Dulce."
     "Who knew?" Dulcy sighed.  She shook her head to clear the
tears from her eyes.
     "C'mon, the sooner we kick Robuttnik's butt, the sooner you
can see your Ma again."  With that, Dulcy let Sonic climb into her
pouch, and she flew up into the air and headed toward the Great
Forest.
     "Yo, Dulce!  Can I ask you something?"
     "What?"
     "What's the deal with the nose ring?"
     "Can't tell you, Sonic."
     "'Cause it's a dragon thing?"
     "'Cause it's a LADY dragon thing!"

                             THE END