Legal  Stuff:  Knuckles  the  Echidna,  Sonic  the  Hedgehog,  
and  all  related  characters  are  copyrights  of  Archie  Comics  
and/or  DIC, and  SEGA  (as  far  as  I  know)
Please  don't  copy  or  change.  Enjoy  reading.  5/25/99


   The Irregular Key       by  Blue9Tiger


   The  creature  of  stone  flies  the  sky,
   Its  birth  a  mystery  to  most  living  souls.
   Of  bewildering  truths  it  was  born,  
   Too  magnificent for  a  mind  to  contain.
   The  land  filled with  lush  green,  
   Knife-like  mountains  and  long  winding  mirrors,
   Untouched  by  the chaos  below,
   Floating  lazily  through  undisturbed  cotton.
   One  is  the  key  to  this  paradise,
   And  only  the  brave  dare  to  turn  it.
   The  door  is  not  easily  opened,
   For  the  key  affirms  that  his  door  is  locked.
   A  creature,  red  as  an  apple,  stalks  throughout  the  foliage,
   Eyes  dashing  to  and  fro.
   They  intensely  pierce  his  homeland's  end,
   Expecting  destruction at  every  moment.
   Another   creature  appears,  
   A  dark blue  intruder  stretched  against  the  sky.
   Without  a  word,  the  key  flies,
   Towards  the  shadow  that  knocks  at  his  door.
   He  begs  to  turn  the  irregular  key,
   That  will  unlock  the  door  to  the  heart  of  the  drifting  creature,
   For  there  are  wonders  beyond  the  door  that  could  still  the  chaos  below.
   The  mistrusting  key's  threatening  fist  comes  alive,
   Wreaking  its  havoc  on  the  helpless  blue intruder.
   He fiercely  returns  the  blows,  
   Slowly  turning  the  key.
   But  hours float  away,  
   And  the  intruder  flees  from  his  rival's  door,
   With  promises  that  he  will  someday  turn  the  irregular  key.
   The  key  satisfied,  he  returns  to  his  earlier  task,
   Of  guarding  his  door.
   Few  ever  pass  this  door, 
   Into  a  world  fantastic  and  tranquil.
   Those  who  have  entered,  though,
   Have  done  the  nearly  impossible,
   And  have  succeeded  in  turning  the  irregular  key.

e-mail:  Blue9Tiger@aol.com