- - - -
Chapter One
Ransom
by John Wainscott
- - - -
Time line - June, 3235.
- - - -

     It was early right now and everyone was still asleep. They all stayed up
late last night with a mission to Robotropolis stealing computer parts.
Surprisingly, Sonic woke up before sunrise. He tried to get back to sleep, but
he just wasn't tired. He felt like running for a while, but he also didn't
want to wake everyone else up, they had a long night. So he was stuck for a
couple of hours.
     He remembered that Sally was a light sleeper and was probably awake. He
was bored and had nothing else to do, so he walked over to Sally's hut. When
he arrived, he saw Sally through her window still asleep. That only made him
more bored and being bored made him a little irritable. So he decided to
surprise her with a bundle of flowers he saw planted outside her door. Sonic
took the flowers and let himself in. He quietly walked up to Sally and kissed
her on the cheek waking her up.
     "Sonic!" Sally yawned as she was trying to fix her hair. "What are you
doing here?" As Sonic presented her with the flowers, he sat down on her bed
and held her hand. "Okay, what do you need" Sally asked as if he wanted a big
favor.
     "I was wondering if you wanted to watch the sunrise with me." Sonic
asked with a slight smile. Sally was a little confused.
     "What, you don't want me to wash your socks or make you a chili dog?"
     "What?" Sonic asked just as confused as her.
     "You've been too nice."
     "I've been too bored." Sally looked out the windows and noticed that the
sun was about to rise. She looked back at him with the flowers in her hand.
     "Can you wait in the front room while I get ready?" Asked Sally.
     "Sure thing." Sonic started walking toward the couch when he noticed a
small note folded in half on the table. Since Sally was getting dressed, he
thought he could take a small peek. He picked up the note and started reading.

Dear Sal,
     I can't wait to meet you tonight. I want to be alone with you so we can
get to know each other better. By the way, I'm sorry I acted silly last night.
I was nervous and didn't know what to say. I can't stop thinking about you.
Love, you know who.

     Sally just got done getting dressed and came out to see Sonic holding
the note.
     "Sal! Who is this note from?" Sonic asked in a confused tone. With a
small giggle, Sally explained.
     "Its a note from you, silly. You gave it to me when you were only five
and I've kept it ever since. Don't you remember?" Sonic looked at the note
again and placed it back on the table.
     "Oh... yeah." Sally went into the kitchen to put the flowers in a vase
and left with Sonic to watch the sunrise.

- - - -

     Later that day, Tails and his friends went into the forest to play tag,
hide and seek, and other games like that.
     "Hey, what's that?" Tails asked when he looked off into the distance.
     "What?" Nina said while she was trying to catch her breath from running.
     "What's kicking up all that dust?"
     "I don't know."
     "Oh, no! It's Robotnick! Run!" Tails barked in a frantic voice. "Nina!
Come with me!" Tails took Nina by the hand and started to fly as fast as he
could through the forest. With a SWAT-Bot on their tail, they took a sharp
turn and lost the robot... temporarily. Tails and Nina hid next to a tree so
they could rest. Tails and Nina heard one of their friends off in the distance
yelling for help. Tails couldn't sit there and do nothing. "Stay here!" Tails
started to run for Ziggy. Suddenly a bot came out from nowhere and snagged
Nina by the foot.
     "Tails! Help!" Cried Nina as she was taken from Tails. He knew that he
couldn't help her, and all he could do was get Sonic. Tails started to take
off and was soon zipping through trees on his way back to the village.
     When Tails came flying from the forest crying, he was still looking for
Sonic and yelling his name. Soon, he was at Sonic's hut and ran inside. Sonic
was swallowing whole chili dogs and almost choked when he saw Tails fly in
like he did.
     "Sonic! Help!" Tails cried.
     "Whoa! What's wrong, bro?" Tails was trying to catch his breath and
explain to him what happened.
     "Robotnick got all my friends in an attack! I got away and came to get
help. Do something, Sonic! Hurry!"
     "Go to Bunnie and tell her that Sal and I are goin' straight to
Robotropolis, okay?" Tails ran off to Bunnie's hut and explained to her what
happened. Bunnie was shocked to see him scared like that. She also felt real
bad about his friends.
     "Oh, Sugar Plum, you must frightened out of your fur. Don't worry about
a thing honey, your ole friend Sonic will take care of that mean Robotnick."
Tails got up on Bunnies lap and gave her a hug. Tails was feeling reassured,
but Bunnie felt like she had just lied to him.

     "Sal! Where are you! Hey Sal!" Sonic yelled at the top of his lungs.
     "In the garden!" Replied Sally. Sonic took off as fast as he could for
the garden and almost ran her over when he got there.
     "Hey Sal, Tails' friends needs us. Robotnick got to them and he's goin
to roboticize them if we don't bring them back!" Sonic grabbed her arm and
rushed back to his hut. Sonic grabbed a power ring and Sally picked up Nicole.
Before even one minute had passed, they were off.

     Sonic and Sally were hiding behind a pile of trash just outside the
entrance when they saw Robotnick return with his catch of the day.
     "Sonic, you distract them while I go around."
     "But what about the-"
     "Now!" And Sally was off. Sonic was trying to warn her about the swat
bots, but he didn't get the chance.
     He didn't know who to save, Sally or the kids. He kicked an old rusty
pipe out of anger and it attracted the attention of Robotnick.
     "Well hello, you little piece of filth!" Robotnick yelled in the
distance. Sonic knew he couldn't do anything because he was holding Mindy by
her neck. She was doing all she can to try to get away, but he was too strong.
To his left about thirty feet away, Sally was waving her arm. He knew she was
all right.
     "What do you want Robuttnick?" Sonic grunted.
     "What do you think I want, rodent? Your power ring! It's a fair trade,
don't you think?" Sonic looked at his power ring and back at Mindy. With all
of his strength, he threw the ring up to Robotnick. The expression on his face
was of great satisfaction. Robotnick caught the ring over his head and looked
at it. "You make my very happy, but you never do learn, do you?"
     "Leave them alone! We made a deal!" Sonic yelled.
     "You actually thought I'd keep my word?" Robotnick laughed at him and
started to walk inside. Sally gave Sonic a thumbs up and they both left to
return to Knothole.

     "Get it working yet, Bookshire?" Sonic asked.
     "Yeah, just about. It'll connect in twenty seconds." Sonic, Sally and
Bookshire waited patiently for the computer to connect to the swat-bot Sally
tapped earlier. "Okay, I've got video." On the computer screen, there was a
black and white picture of the inside of Robotropolis. Bookshire pushed the
joy stick forward and the bot started walking.
     In the holding cell where all of Tails' friends were being held, they
could hear something coming. Soon, they saw a bot standing outside the
electrified bars.
     "We'll get you out, guys." The robot said in a computerized voice.
"Stand back." Everyone was confused, but still listened to the bot. The next
second, there was a bright light and lots of heat. The bot was grabbing the
bars and attempting to drain the energy.
     From Bookshire's point of view, the screen went blank and the connection
was lost except for audio.
     "Did it work?" The bot asked as it laid motionless on the ground. Nobody
said anything because there was somebody walking down the hallway. It was the
one who shot the robot Sally tapped. Bookshire told Sonic and Sally that they
had to go back.
     "Is that you, Sonic? I'm impressed. But I'm a little upset about that
ring you gave me." Robotnick said. "It destroyed one of my favorite machines."
Sonic said nothing. "I'll tell you what, you give me a real power ring and I
won't roboticize the children." Robotnick kicked the foreign device off of the
neck of the dead bot.

- - - -

     Sonic and Sally returned to Robotropolis and made their way inside. They
saw two bots guarding the locked cell.
     "They must be in there." Whispered Sonic. "Lets go, Sal." Sally grabbed
Sonic's arm as he was getting up and took out Nicole. "What are you doing?"
Sonic asked. Sally didn't answer. She only started pushing some keys on
Nicole. A few seconds later, the robots walked off down the hallway into
another room. Sonic was confused. "Hey, what happened?"
     "They think they have to go and clean the weapons room now. That will
give us enough time to get those kids out of here." Sonic only smiled.
     On their way to the cell, they heard some of Tails' friends crying and
then saw most of them hiding in the corners. When the kids saw Sonic and
Sally, a few of them ran up to the bars.
     "Are you guys all right?" Sonic asked.
     "Packbell took Nina away!" Yelled Mindy. Sonic looked at Sally and back
at the kids.

     Three minutes had passed and Nicole still couldn't override the
security. Sonic reached into his backpack and pulled out a power ring. In a
frightened voice, he told everyone to stand back.
     "What are you going to do, Sonic?" Sally asked, frightened for him.
     "I'll be okay." Sonic replied, even unsure of himself.
     "No, I'll try harder with Nicole! Don't act stupid!"
     "We can't risk Robuttnick or Packbell walking around that corner." Sally
couldn't argue.
     "Be careful, Sonic!" Sally said to him as she started to shake. Sonic
stepped back, and looked at Sally once more. He took a deep breath and ran for
the bars. He jumped and started his spin yelling and collided with the bars. A
bright, constant light from the electricity temporarily blinded everyone. A
few seconds later, they regained their vision, and saw Sonic laying motionless
on the inside of the cell.
     "Sonic!" Sally screamed as she ran for him. As she reached to pick him
up, she almost burned her fingers on his arms.
     "No!" Sally was petrified with fear and didn't know what to do. Ziggy
saw a water bottle in Sonic's back pack, grabbed it and gave it to Sally.
     "T- Try pouring water on him. It might help." Sally didn't know what
else to do so she sprinkled some water on his face. Almost immediately Sonic
sat up and screamed.
     "I'M ON FIRE! HELP ME!" Sally didn't know whether to be grateful or
scared for his life, but she continued to pour water on his singed body.
     "Sonic! Are you okay?"Sally cried.
     "I broke my arm!" Sonic yelled.
     "Don't ever do that again! You scared me, and I didn't know if I'd ever
see you again." Sally started crying and hugged the warm hedgehog.

     As Sonic sat against the wall, Sally was telling everyone how to get
out.
     "We don't have enough time to fool around. We can leave the way we came
in, but you have- Oh, no! I forgot Nina! I have to help her."

- - - -

     Tails was violently awakened from a nap by loud buzzing coming from
Sally's hut.
     "Aunt Bunnie! What's that loud noise?" Yelled Tails. Bunnie, covering
her ears, yelled,
     "I don't know, darlin. You just stay put and I'll go see what that darn
racket is. Okay, honey?" As she made her way towards Sally's hut, she noticed
about fifteen other people surrounding it wondering what is going on. Rotor
walked inside and saw a message on the monitor. He hit a key and the buzzing
stopped.
     "Rotor! I need you to come to the edge of Robotropolis and wait for
Sonic and the kids!"
     "What happened?" Rotor asked as he saw Tails' friends stand around
Sally.
     "No time to explain, Sonic will meet you there. I'm looking for someone
else so don't wait for me."
     "Okay, be right there." Rotor told everybody what was going on and left
to get Sonic. Bunnie came back to her hut and started talking to Tails while
trying not to show how worried she was.
     "Sugar... Sally just told us that she found all but one of your
friends." Suddenly a chill of fright came over Tails when thinking that the
one person Sally was talking about was Nina.
     "Now don't let that bother you, Sugar. Everything's gonna be fine.
Sonic's there. Everything always turn out okay with him, right?"
     "Yeah, I guess you're right." Bunnie was just as frightened as Tails,
but she couldn't let him know that, it would break his heart.

- - - -

     "Sonic, can you walk?" Sally asked in a concerned voice.
     "I get dizzy when I stand up." Sally really wished she didn't let him
open the cell.
     "I need everyone to take Sonic out of here while I look for Nina, okay?"
     "See ya back home, Sal." Sonic said in a weak voice. Tails' friends
helped Sonic up and started to leave. Sally started to look for a way to find
Nina and almost immediately, she found her. She was just around the corner and
she was completely roboticized. As soon as Nina saw Sally, she punched an
alarm on the wall and charged at Sally. Sally quickly reached into her
backpack and pulled out a small device. As Nina jumped to attack, Sally pulled
the trigger and an electric charge was given to deactivate her. She landed in
the corner and Sally picked her up. She ran as fast as she could from a swarm
of bots, past the robots cleaning the storage room, made it outside, and
continued running with Nina in her arms.
     "Poor Tails. He's going to be devastated when he finds out about her."
Sally reached into her vest pocket and pulled out a hand grenade. She took the
pin by her teeth and yanked it out. Sally, with all of her energy, threw the
grenade and hit the first bot dead on. Before the smoke cleared from the
explosion, Sally hid under an old shuttle body and waited for them to stop
searching and leave.

- - - -

     "Sonic, Sir, are you going to marry Sally?" Asked Mindy.
"Whoa, hold on there, kid! Where did you get that idea?" Asked Sonic in a
surprised voice. "Tails tells us a lot about you, and he said that you were in
love with Princess Sally."
     "Well, I don't know if I am going to or not. King Sonic... It's got a
nice ring to it, but I think that's just between me and her right now. And
don't call me Sir, it drives me nuts! Just call me Sonic, that's what everyone
else calls me, so it's no different for you."
     "Oh, I wanted to ask you," Ziggy questioned "Why did you give Robotnick
your power ring? You know that's the only thing he wants from you."
     "Don't worry, I disabled it and removed the power stone cell before he
got it." As they started walking towards Knothole, they saw something kicking
up dust and soon realized that it was Rotor.
     "Hey Rotor! Over here!" Everybody yelled. A few seconds later, Rotor
pulled closer and got a good look at Sonic. He was shocked to see him injured.
     "Sonic! What the hell happened to you! Are you okay?" Rotor yelled as he
jumped off of the hover craft.
     "Oh, just some burns and a broken arm, nothing serious." Sonic said in a
sarcastic, but irritated tone.
     "Yeah right, funny man. Let's get you back home right now." Rotor
started to load Sonic and the kids on the hover craft. Just before they took
off for home, Mindy saw Sally and Nina over in the distance.
     "Wait! There's Sally!" Screamed Mindy.
     "What happened to Nina!" Rotor yelled as he ran up to her.
     "I found her... but I was too late." Explained Sally as she laid Nina
down in the hover craft. All of the kids circled around Nina and started to
cry. Sally kept blaming herself.

- - - -

     "They're back! They're back!" Tails yelled in a nervous voice. As the
hover craft pulled up, he started to fly towards it. When it arrived, Tails
saw Nina. He didn't say a word. Everyone was looking at him look at Nina.
Tails jumped off, ran towards Bunnie and started to cry. Everybody got off one
by one.
     "Don't worry, Tails, I'm sure Aunt Sally can fix her right up." Tails
just kept crying. Uncle Chuck and Rotor helped Sonic off and walked him to
Bookshire's hut.

     Sally and Rotor started to work on Nina while Sonic got his arm fixed by
Bookshire. After a few hours of work, Sonic had a cast and Nina was
reprogrammed. Sally placed a panel back on Nina's back and flipped a switch.
Her eyes opened. She looked completely confused.
     "Hey... what's going on? Why am I wearing this silly costume?" Sally
took Nina aside and explained to her what has just happened.
     "You mean- I'm a robot?" Nina asked as she began to cry. Fear and
confusion overwhelmed her and she started to run away. When the door to
Sally's hut flew open, Nina ran into Tails and knocked him over.
     "Nina?" Tails asked wondering if that was really her. Without answering,
Nina took off into the forest. Sonic and Bunnie started to run after her when
Bunnie saw Tails on the ground.
     "Oh, Tails. Ah'm sorry you had to find out this way." Tails took a deep
breath and started to follow Nina in the woods. After looking for a few
minutes, Tails just remembered to look in their secret place. Soon he found
Nina there on her knees crying with her hands in her face.
     "Nina?" Tails asked in a soft voice. "Is that you?"
     "Tails! I'm sorry I ran away." Nina cried as she stood up.
     "Nina! What happened to you!" Tails tried to keep himself from crying.
     "I got turned into a robot and I'm going to stay this way for the rest
of my life."
     "No you're not! Uncle Chuck's gonna find a way to turn you back!" Nina
looked down and wiped her eyes. "I missed you, Nina." Tails and Nina started
walking back to the village.
     "I missed you too, Tails."
     "Nina?"
     "Yes, Tails?"
     "You're crushing my hand." Tails calmly said as he grinned with pain.
     "Oh, I'm sorry! I guess that's something I gotta get used too." Said
Nina while she examined Tails' hand for injuries and smiled.
     "That's okay, Aunt Bunnie had that problem and got used to it after a
while." Tails said as he put his hand around her waist to avoid being crushed.

- - - -

     The next day, Tails wanted to talk to Sonic.
     "Sonic?"
     "Hey bud, what's up?"
     "Can I ask you a question?"
     "Sure. What's on your mind?" Sonic asked as he sat down on his bed.
     "What's it like having you're Uncle Chuck turned into a robot?" Tails
asked hesitating. Sonic paused.
     "Well, it's kinda hard to explain... It's a big change that you might
never get used to. When I look at Chuck, he's not completely there. But he
still is my uncle, and I've learned to live with it." Sonic continued with
more advice and soon finished. Tails thanked him and went over to Rotor's hut.
He knocked on his door and waited. Finishing a repair on a small toy, Rotor
opened the door and Tails asked if he could come in. Rotor let him in and
pulled up a chair.
     "Can I ask you something."
     "Ask away."
     "What's it like having your parents roboticized?"
     "Oh, man... I got pretty lonely, I haven't seen my parents in five
years. But when I fell in love with Bunnie, I wasn't as lonely. You're lucky
to have Nina with you right now, I don't even know where my parents are."
     "Well thanks, Rotor."
     "Sure thing. See you later." Tails wanted to talk to one more person
before he took off to talk with Nina, Bunnie.

     "Hey, Ziggy, have you seen Bunnie?"
     "Uh, I think I saw her walk to the Ring Pool about ten minutes ago."
     "Great, thanks." After a short flight through the forest, he arrived at
the Ring Pool and saw Bunnie sitting alone next to it skipping stones.
     "Aunt Bunnie?" Tails said as he walked up behind her. Tails startled her
and she jumped when he said her name.
     "Oh mah stars! Don't do that, Hun. You almost scared me to death."
     "Sorry about that."
     "That's okay, just don't sneak up like that again, okay Sugar?"
     "Sure. What were you doing?" Asked Tails.
     "Oh, just thinkin."
     "About what?"
     "Well... you... and Nina." Bunnie said looking into Tails' eyes.
     "Really?" Tails asked as he sat next to Bunnie.
     "Yeah, I hope you two are still friends."
     "Of course we are!" Tails snapped at her. "Sorry."
     "That's okay, I know how you feel sweetie." Bunnie explained in a
sympathetic voice.
     "You do?" Tails asked curiously.
     "Sure I do. You're just not really sure about Nina."
     "Well... I guess you're right." Tails said in a low voice looking at the
ground.
     "Oh, come on, it's nothin to feel bad about, you've known her for almost
a year now and suddenly she's a robot. Its okay to feel that way about her,
but you soon realize that she hasn't changed a bit. Why, even Rotor felt that
way about me the day we met."
     "He did?"
     "Oh, yeah!" Bunnie exclaimed as she put her robotic arm on his shoulder.
     "And look at us now, were dating." Tails smiled, looked at her arm and
paused.
     "Aunt Bunnie?"
     "Hm?"
     "What's it like... having robot legs and arm?" Bunnie took her arm from
around Tails and looked at it for a second as a single tear ran down her
cheek.
     "Well, to tell you the truth, I can't live with it, and I can't live
without it."
     "Huh?"
     "Well, I'm pretty strong, and they've helped me with a lot of things...
but its not me. Sometimes I even hate myself when I know it's not my fault. I
hate them, but I don't know what I'll do without them." Tails wondered if Nina
was going to feel that way soon.
     "I hope Nina's okay. I'm gunna go talk to her right now." Tails started
to take off for Nina's hut. "Thanks, Aunt Bunnie!" Yelled Tails as he flew
away.

     Tails wanted to talk to Uncle Chuck, but he was too nervous. He didn't
really know what to ask. The just thought he would ask him some other time.
     He walked up to Nina's door and started to feel a little more nervous.
He took a deep breath and knocked. A second later, the door knob was pulled
through the door.
     "Oh, darn it!" Yelled Nina in frustration. "I just can't stop breaking
things! Is that you, Tails." Nina asked as she lowered her voice.
     "Uh, yeah Nina, It's me. Are you okay?"
     "Yeah, come on in." Nina said. Tails slowly pushed open the door and
walked inside.
     "Can we talk a minute?" Tails asked as he observed some broken objects
on the floor.
     "I think I know why you came over to talk." Nina stated in a low tone.
     "You do?" Tails asked as they both sat down on the couch.
     "Yeah. You want to know what its like being a robot, right?"
     "Well, not exactly. I just came over to see how you were doin."
     "I guess it's pretty obvious, huh?" Asked Nina as she smiled and looked
at the broken toys on the floor.
     "Yeah, I guess it is. But don't worry, you'll learn to control your
strength."
     "I really hope so. If this keeps up for much longer, I'm going to break
everything, maybe even hurt someone!" Said Nina as Tails glanced at his hand.
     "I'm sure you're goin to be just fine." There was a long pause.
     "I guess you're right."

- - - -

     A month has passed since Nina was roboticized, and Tails and Nina still
have a good friendship together. Its Nina's tenth birthday and she's in
Rotor's hut having her arm adjusted.
     "Thank you, Rotor." Nina jumped off of the work bench and ran back to
her party.
     "You ready, Nina?" Asked Tails in excitement.
     "Sure, lets go!" Tails and Nina took off to the potato sack race, picked
up a sack and got on the starting line with five other kids. Sonic held up a
starting pistol with his good arm and shot it in the air starting the race.
Tails tripped at the start and Nina soon won the race.
     "Are you okay, Tails?" Nina asked as she ran back to Tails.
     "Yeah, I'm okay. Hey! You won. That's great."

     After the cake and present routine, Sonic started to look for Tails and
Nina, they were no longer at the party.
     "Hey, Sal. Where's Tails and Nina? I can't find them anywhere." Sally
looked at Sonic with a nice smile and said,
     "Oh, I think they'll be just fine."
     "Oh, okay." Sonic looked back at Sally and smiled.

     Tails has learned to accept Nina as a robot, but he still keeps a
picture of her by his bed and Nina is the last thing that goes through his
mind every night before he falls asleep.

- - - -
Chapter Two
April Fools!
by John Wainscott
- - - -
Time line - Three weeks later, April 1st.
- - - -

     "This will scare him!" Bunnie quietly stated as she typed away at
Rotor's computer. "There, all done. Now all I gotta do is wait." Bunnie
grinned and shut the computer off. Later that day, Bunnie went for a walk with
Sally to talk about some April Fools jokes to play on someone.
     "So, what do you have planned for your sugar hog, Sally girl?"
     "Oh, I don't know. You got any ideas?" Bunnie and Sally thought for a
minute and then both smiled at the same time.
     "Hey Bunny," Sally laughed. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
     "Only if you're thinkin' of pokin at Sonic's ego a bit!" Sally and
Bunnie laughed and kept walking. They both started to think of a way to trick
Sonic good.
     "Okay, now all we have to do is get Rotor in on this. Do you know where
he is?" Bunnie looked back at her hut and looked back at Sally.
     "Yeah, I think he's home havin a chili dog with Sonic. Oh Sally girl! It
almost slipped my mind, I wanted to tell you what I did to Rotor's ole
computer." Sally looked at Bunnie with curiosity. "I set it up to make him
think that his hard drive crashed! He's gonna jump out of his skin when he
turns that thing on." They both giggled when suddenly, they heard Rotor scream
from his hut.
     "I think he turned it on!" Sally giggled.

     "No! I can't believe it!" Rotor yelled. Sally and Bunnie came running in
as they saw Rotor typing faster than he has ever typed before trying to
recover what he had lost. Sally leaned over to Bunnie and whispered in her
ear.
     "So, I guess it went well?" Sally and Bunnie tried their very hardest to
keep a straight face while Sonic tried to help Rotor see what's wrong with the
computer.
     "I'm getting nowhere! All my work is lost!" Rotor sat back in his chair
and stared at the text-filled monitor when it went blank and a message
scrolled across the screen as The Liberty Bell March played in the background:
     "APRIL FOOLS, ROTOR! LOVE BUNNIE!" Rotor felt angry, but relieved.
     "Man, I shoulda known!" Sally and Bunnie started to laugh as Tails
walked in.
     "Hi, guys. What's up!" Tails asked in his usual good mood.
     "Hello, sugar! I just played an April Fools joke on Rotor!"
     "Did it work?" Tails looked at Rotor's computer and smiled. "Oh, I guess
it did. I forgot it was today. That means I gotta lot of work to do. I gotta
go! See ya!" Tails started to fly back to his hut when he saw Nina, Mindy, and
Jessica walking by so he decided to land and say hi.
     "Hello, Tails." Everyone said in unison. They thought he was very cute.
     "Hi, Nina." Mindy and Jessica were whispering something to each other.
     "What are you doing right now?" Nina asked in hesitation.
     "Oh, nothing much." Replied Tails. He was doing something, looking for a
prank to pull on someone. He also knew that they had something that he didn't
know about... an April Fools joke perhaps?
     "I was just going to... um, have lunch with Sonic. I gotta go." Tails
started to take off when he saw the girls laugh to themselves. "They'll never
get me! I'm too smart for that." Tails said to himself as he flew through the
air.
     When he got back to his hut, he sat down and started thinking of what to
do to someone.
     "Maybe Nina would be a good victim." He thought to himself. "I bet she's
getting a prank setup for me."

- - - -

     Back in Rotor's hut, Sally, Bunnie, and Rotor were discussing a plan for
a joke on Sonic.
     "Okay, Bunny," Sally started. "Sonic has to see you and Rotor get in a
fight and break up." Before Sally could continue, Rotor jumped in.
     "Are you sure, Sally? Bunnie and I have been together for over a year
now."
     "Don't worry, It's just a joke!" Explained Bunnie.
     "Well, okay. I hope this works." Sally continued with her plan.
     "After that, I'll find something to argue about with Sonic, then when it
gets really good, I'll say I want to break up."
     "Just don't let it get outta hand, Princess. You don't want him to do
anything stupid!"
     "Don't worry, Bunnie! I won't let it go too far."
     "Okay."
     "When that's over, you'll start flirting with Sonic. Got it, Bunnie?"
     "Sure! Sounds like fun." Rotor looked at Bunnie.
     "Hey!"
     "Come on, Rote. It's just for today." Rotor calmed back down.
     "And Rotor," Sally started to look at him with a big smile. "You... and
I... will fall in love too." Rotor became a little nervous. Then Sally bursted
into laughter followed by Bunnie then Rotor.
     "I knew they were up to something!" Mumbled Sonic as he sat under
Rotor's window outside. "I guess I'll just have to play along." Sonic got up
and slowly walked home. As he opened the door to his hut, Tails jumped in
front of him and tried to scare him.
     "April Fools!" Yelled the small fox.
     "Hi, Tails." Sonic said in a calm voice, unaffected by Tails' attempt.
     "Aw! C'mon. Didn't I scare you?" Whined Tails.
     "Keep tryin, bud." Sonic rubbed Tails' head and made his way to the
refrigerator when he heard a small explosion from Rotor's hut.
     "What's wrong with you?!" Rotor yelled as he glanced at Sonic's hut. "My
computer! Why did you wreck my computer!?!"
     "Ah'm tired of you playin those silly video games all the time! Why
can't you spend more time with me?" Sonic ran to Rotor's hut and looked in the
window. He smiled and thought to himself.
     "Well... at least they're trying."
     "Don't I spend enough time with you?" Rotor yelled.
     "No! You don't! If you can't find time to spend with me, Ah don't want
to see you any more!"
     "FINE!" Rotor yelled.
     "FINE!" Bunnie yelled as slammed the door on her way out hoping that
Sonic heard the argument. Rotor hoped the same.
     "Sonic!" Sally yelled from her hut.
     "Here we go again." He happily thought to himself.
     "SONIC!" She yelled louder this time. Sonic opened the door to the hut
and went inside.
     "What's wrong, Sal?"
     "I'll tell you what's wrong! I'm tired of picking up your dirty smelly
socks every day!" What else could she think of. That was the only thing that
popped into her mind at the time. "Besides, you always leave the toilet seat
up! You know how much I hate that!" Sonic knew exactly what was going on.
Besides, that was a pretty poor excuse to start an argument like that so he
decided to have a little fun with her.
     "You complain too much." Sonic calmly folded his arms and leaned against
the wall.
     "WHAT! I do not!"
     "Yes you do."
     "What are you talking about?" Sally thought that her plan was going a
little too far.
     "You complain too much." Sonic repeated. Sally couldn't take it anymore.
     "I don't want to see you anymore!" Sally yelled and stormed out of the
hut. She thought she was in big trouble. Tails was still in Sonic's room while
the argument occurred and didn't know that it was a joke. He came up to Sonic
crying.
     "Sonic. Why is Aunt Sally mad at you?" Tails sniffled and wiped his
eyes. Sonic was surprised.
     "You were in my room all this time?" Tails nodded his head. "Oh, don't
worry, kid. Sally is tryin to play an April Fools joke on me and she doesn't
think I know what's goin on! Even Bunnie and Rotor is in on this!" Tails
stopped crying.
     "It's just a joke?" Asked Tails as he wiped the last tear from his eye.
"She fooled me and the joke was for you!" Tails laughed.

- - - -

     "Hey, Nina. You got that fog horn?" Asked Jessica.
     "Yep. Right here." Nina held up the small can and gave it to Jessica.
     "Cool. You know what to do, right?" Asked Nina.
     "Yeah, lets go."
     "This has to be perfect!" Mindy handed Nina a cheap brass bracelet and
she put it on.

     Tails was looking for Nina because he knew of a perfect joke to play on
her. He found her sitting at the ring pool.
     "Hi, Nina. Whatcha doin." Tails asked as he saw Nina on the dock.
     "Oh, hi Tails!" Tails as he sat next to her. Nina pretended to sneeze
and the necklace fell off.
     "How come I've never seen you wear that?" Tails asked.
     "Because it makes too much noise against my metal body when I walk."
     "Oh." Before Tails could play his joke on her, Jessica snuck up behind
them and blared the fog horn. Tails screamed and Nina dropped the bracelet
into the lake.
     "Jessica!" Tails yelled as she ran back to the village. Nina grabbed
Tails' arm before he could chase her and pointed at the water.
     "My bracelet!"
     "I'll get it!" Tails took off his shoes and dove into the water. About
ten seconds later, he surfaced and climbed back up.
     "I can't see it. I'm going to get Sonic's goggles." Tails spun his two
tails spraying water in a circle. Nina tried to block the spray. Tails flew
back to his hut. He opened the door and then accidentally slammed the door on
his tails, pretty hard too. Tails yelled as loud as he could and began
shouting obscenities at an alarming volume, attracting Bookshire, who just
happened to be walking by at the time. He opened the door and looked at Tails.
     "Ow! I crushed my tails!" Tails held them up to show him. They already
began to swell.
     "Well, I can understand that. But still, that wasn't nice. Now let's
take a look at that." Bookshire knelt down and examined his tails.
     "Well, I think you have to come to my hut." Tails and Bookshire walked
to his hut and Bookshire got a closer look at his tails. By this time, Tails
had forgotten all about Nina and her bracelet.
     "Tails?" Nina walked in.
     "Oh, shoot! I forgot."
     "That's okay. You can get it later. What happened?" Bookshire pulled out
a bottle of rubbing alcohol and placed it on the table."
     "He caught his tails in the door and bruised them pretty bad." Bookshire
pulled out a cotton ball, put some alcohol on a small cut and dabbed it on one
of his tails.
     "Ow!" Tails grunted as he squeezed the goggles, breaking them.
     "Hey, Tails. Maybe you're stronger than me!" Laughed Nina.
     "Very funny, Nina."
     "Tails, go get a towel out of the bathroom dry off." Tails jumped off of
the table and ran into the bathroom.
     "Um, Bookshire, you know that it's April Fools day, right?"
     "Yeah."
     "You wanna get Tails?" Bookshire looked at Nina and considered her
offer.
     "Okay. What do you have in mind?" Nina leaned to Bookshire and started
to whisper in his ear. Bookshire only smiled and Tails walked back in.
     "Tails, I think you're going to need a cast."
     "What?" Tails asked surprised as ever
     "Looks like you broke your tails. You need a cast."
     "...No I don't."
     "Yes you do."
     "No I don't."
     "Come here."

- - - -

     "They look fine!" Nina said as she was trying to hide her smile.
     "This sucks." Tails walked out of Bookshire's hut with two casts on his
tails. They looked somewhat like two white baseball bats sticking from his
rear.
     "C'mon, lets show Sally." Nina tugged Tails' hand.
     "Oh, great!"

- - - -

     Sonic walked by the garden and noticed Antoine reading a book under a
tree. He wanted to get a laugh in for the hour.
     "Hey, Ant! Dulcy landed through your roof and wrecked your oven!"
Antoine dropped his book and jumped up yelling.
     "Aack! When will she ever learn!!! Zis is dee second time dat des as
appened!" Antoine started running for his hut when Sonic bursted out laughing.
     "April Fools! Ha ha ha ha!" Sonic fell down and laughed even harder.
     "Sonic, dat is not funny!"
     "Then why the heck am I still laughing?" Asked Sonic as he sat up.
Antoine picked his book up and started to leave.
     "Sonic, zat ez a cru-el thing to do, you know. Besides, your shoes are
untied."
     "Oh, please! That's the oldest trick in the book!" Sonic turned around
and started to run off when he tripped on his shoe lace and landed flat on his
face. Sonic made an attempt to get up, but then fell unconscious to the
ground. Antoine walked up to Sonic and nudged his leg with his foot.
     "Sonic?" Antoine shook his arm. "April Fuels, right?" Antoine asked.
"Oh, no... I killed him!" Antoine ran for Sally and Bunnie. When they all
returned, they brought Sonic to Bookshire's hut.

     "He's going to be fine." Bookshire walked up to Sonic and placed a roll
of gauze on the table.
     "Well, Sally girl, Ah don't think that this ole jokes gunna work when
your sugar hogs snoozin away."
     "Bookshire, can you revive him?" Sally asked as she sat on the bed next
to Sonic.
      "I'll try." Bookshire leaned down by Sonic's head."WAKE UP!" Sonic
jumped up and accidentally kicked Sally off of the bed.
     "Oh, man. Where am I?" Sonic asked as he put his hand on his head
finding the bandage.
     "You're in Bookshire's hut. You tripped and fell pretty hard." Sonic
looked at a mirror on the wall and saw a bandage on his head with a small
blood spot in the center of it.
     "Who are you?" Asked Sonic as he turned around.
     "What?" Sally was shocked.
     "What's your name?"
     "C'mon, Sonic! Quit foolin around!" Bunnie stood up and walked closer to
him.
     "What? My names not Sonic. My name... is, uh. Oh, no! I don't know my
own name! What happened to me?" Sonic sat down and Sally, Bunnie and Bookshire
stood around him.
     "I musta hit my head harder than I thought!" Sonic looked nervous. Sally
took Bookshire to the side and started asking questions.
     "Please tell me what happened." Sally grabbed both of Bookshire's arms.
     "Sally... I think he has amnesia."
     "No! Not Sonic!" Sally started to cry.
     "I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do." Bookshire walked over to Sonic.
"Now, Sonic, do you know where you are?" Sonic looked around.
     "No. What happened to me?"
     "Do you know who I am?"
     "No! What happened to me!" Sonic started to get angry.
     "Earlier today, you tripped in the garden and fell. You hit your head
and was knocked unconscious. I think you have amnesia." Sonic calmed back down
and looked at Sally and Bunnie.
     "Oh, perfect! Now what do I do?"
     "Maybe I could show you someone who you might recognize."
     "Won't hurt to try. Sure, lets go." Sonic, Sally, Bunnie, and Bookshire
left the hut to walk around the village.
     "Sally, go get Uncle Chuck. Oh, and tell him what happened to Sonic
before he sees him." Sally ran for Chuck's hut and knocked on the door. He
opened the door and happily greeted Sally.
     "Well, hello, princess. What brings you here?"
     "Sonic... Sonic hit his head and lost his memory. Bookshire wants to see
what happens when he sees a familiar face." Chuck put his hand on his chest
and gasped.
     "This has got to be a joke!"
     "I'm sorry."

     "Hey, if you don't mind me askin, but what happened to you?" Sonic stood
back and got a good look at Bunnie.
     "I'll tell you later, sugar."
     "Sonic! Are you okay?" Charles ran up to Sonic. As soon as he saw the
robot run towards him, he jumped behind Bookshire and held him in front of
him.
     "Sonic, this is your Uncle Chuck! Don't you remember?" Bookshire asked
as he pulled Sonic's hands from his arms.
     "A robot? For an uncle?" Charles grabbed Sonic's arm.
     "Sonic! Robotnick roboticized me a long time ago. You have nothing to
worry about." Sonic calmed down a little bit. Dulcy was passing by and saw the
group so she walked by and decided to say hi.
     "Hi guys, what's up." Sonic turned around and saw a dragon five times
bigger than him stand in front of him.
     "RUN!" Sonic yelled as he turned and ran in the opposite direction
towards the Great Forest. Before Sonic could really get anywhere, Charles
chased and tackled Sonic pinning him to the ground. He also noticed that he
didn't run as fast as usual.
     "Sonic! Look, Now I know that you don't know what's going on and you
don't know anybody here! But that's no reason to get scared by everybody you
see. Now, the only thing you really have to be afraid of is a big, fat guy
named Robotnick and a human android named Packbell! And I'm pretty sure you'll
know who they are when you see them." When Chuck was just about to let Sonic
up, Rotor walked out from nowhere and saw Charles and Sonic on the ground.
     "IT'S ROBOTNICK!!!" Sonic screamed and kicked Chuck off of him. Bunnie
wasn't too far away from them so she grabbed Sonic's arm before he could run
and lifted him from the ground.
     "Calm down!" Bunnie shook Sonic for a second and held on tight. Rotor
forgot about the "fight" between Sally and Sonic and asked her what was going
on.
     "Sonic," Charles stood up and dusted himself off. "We're all your
friends here, and we'll tell you when to run! Now chill out!" Bunnie dropped
Sonic and he landed on his tail. Sonic was too tired to do anything but sit
and do nothing.
     "Sonic, this is Rotor, and this is Dulcy. They're our friends and they
won't hurt you." Before Sally could continue, Rotor and Dulcy asked at the
same time,
     "What's going on!?!" Tails asked the same question as he came into view
dragging his tails behind him.
     "Hey, kid." Sonic laughed. "Why do you got two baseball bats tied to
         ?" Tails got angry at Sonic for asking such a rude question.
     "Rotor, Dulcy, Tails, come with me." Sally walked around to the back of
Bookshire's hut followed by the small group of Freedom Fighters.
     "Guys, something happened to Sonic earlier today. He hit his head and
apparently... he has amnesia." Rotor and Dulcy gasped and Tails looked
confused.
     "What's amnesia?" Sally knelt down in front of him and held his hands.
     "... Amnesia is when you lose your memory after getting hit on the head,
and Sonic hit his head pretty hard." Tails lowered his head and there was a
long pause. Finally Tails looked back up at Sally and a tear ran down his
cheek.
     "How did it happen?"
     "He tripped on his shoe lace after Antoine warned him about it." There
was a slight smile on everybody's face then soon went away. Sally, Rotor, and
Dulcy walked back to where Sonic was when Tails ran into the forest.
     "Tails!" Dulcy yelled.
     "No, it's okay. Let him have some time alone." Sally said.
     "Sally, come here!" Charles angrily yelled. "Let me see Nicole!" Sally
took Nicole out from her vest and handed it to Charles.
     "Nicole, display a picture of Robotnick." Almost immediately, a five
inch tall hologram of Robotnick appeared from Nicole.
     "Nicole, display a picture of Packbell." A hologram appeared of
Packbell. "Now, Sonic, everybody else is our friend, okay?" Sonic stood up.
     "Okay."

     After everybody showed Sonic around Knothole, he found some time for
himself, so he decided to look for Tails. After about fifteen minutes of
walking through the Great Forest, he found Tails sitting under a tree messing
with his casts.
     "Oh, hi Sonic." Tails rudely said to him. "I suppose you don't even know
who I am, right?" Sonic walked up to Tails and sat next to him.
     "Come on! You actually believed that I had amnesia?" Tails joyfully
looked up at Sonic and gave him a hug.
     "Sonic! It was a joke?"
     "Yeah. Sally, Bunnie, and Rotor were going to play a big joke on me
today. Remember?" Tails nodded his head. "Well, I guess now it's not gunna
work! They're gunna have a heart attack when they find out that I'm okay."
     "What about your head?" Tails pointed at the bandage.
     "What, this?" Sonic pulled off the bandage from his head ripping the
scab off.
     "AAAAHHHHH! Wow that hurt!" The wound started to bleed again.
     "I guess I got hit harder than I thought. Hey, let's get back home so I
can get this fixed. Oh, remember, you don't know that I'm okay, okay?" Tails
crossed his arms and a greedy smirk appeared on his face.
     "Well... what's in it for me?"
     "What? You're not gunna turn me in, are you?"
     "Maybe."
     "Well, if you play along, you can get in on the joke. That means you
could say that you knew about this the entire time." Tails thought for a
second and accepted his offer.

     "Bookshire! Sonic needs another bandage!" Tails screamed as he ran from
the forest with Sonic running behind him
     "Well, lets have a look... ouch, that looks bad, come on in." Bookshire
walked into his hut followed by Sonic and Tails. Bookshire cleaned the cut and
replaced the bandage.
     "Thanks, doc. How long will it take to heal?" Sonic asked as he began
poking at his cut.
     "Oh, about a week or two. You'll be okay." Tails saw Nina through
Bookshire's window as she was walking by.
     "Hey, I'll see ya later, guys." Tails said as he walked off to visit
Nina.
     "How's your tails?"
     "They stopped hurting."
     "Oh, that's good." Nina smiled.
     "What's so funny?"
     "Oh, nothing."

     "Oh, Sally girl, you two can still be friends." Sally kept crying.
"Cheer up! I'm sure Bookshire can do something."
     "But what if he stays like this forever? Then what do I do?"
     "Don't say that! Think positive, that's what you always say to me. And
everything turns out just dandy!"
     "I guess you're right, Bunnie. It's just that... he doesn't even know me
anymore."
     "Oh, you'll get back together again, you'll see." There was a short
pause.
     "How do you cheer me up like that all the time?" Bunnie and Sally
smiled.
     "Magic?"
     "I wouldn't doubt it."
     "I was just joking!"
     "I know."


     That night, Antoine invited everyone to dinner at his hut. He made a
meal fit for a king.
     "Antoine, you're not going to put anything funny in the food, are you?"
Sally asked as Antoine as he poured her wine.
     "Don't worry, my princez. I'm not one for jokes. And to guarantee that,
you can arrest me if I do." Antoine said with a smile holding her hand.
Obviously, he was taking advantage of Sonic's misfortune.
     "I believe you." And Sally smiled too. Sonic was seated at the head of
the long table with Sally and Tails siting next to him. After everybody was
seated, Sonic stood up.
     "Before we eat," Sonic announced "I would like to say just one thing...
APRIL FOOLS!!! I never had amnesia!"
     Everybody was shocked and didn't know what to say. Sally stood up,
belted him in his face with a right hook and gave him a long kiss. After Sally
finished, Sonic fell back in his chair and was amazed at what she has just
done to him.
     "Wow, Sal! I didn't know you had it in ya!" Sonic stood back up.
     "Why did you do that!" Sally had her hands on her waist and was tapping
her foot on the floor.
     "Just gettin ya back for the one you were about to pull on me!" Sally
calmed back down a little bit.
     "How did you do it?" Bookshire asked "It was too perfect!"
     "Well, today, I actually woke up about ten minutes before you thought I
did. That gave me enough time to think of a joke to play on you guys. I also
had Tails help me with this one." Tails sat back in his chair and started
laughing. Sonic continued with his story and everybody had a good time while
they were eating. They were all relieved that Sonic was really okay.

     "...and that's how I found out Sally was goin to play a joke on me."
     "You sneaky little rat." Sally held Sonic's hand and they both smiled.
     "I can't believe nobody tried to play a joke on me!" Tails commented.
Nina and Bookshire looked at each other and smiled.
     "Um, Tails?" Nina laughed. "There's something I hafta tell you. That
bracelet, it was just a cheap toy Jessica loaned me." Tails got angry and
pointed at his casts.
     "So I broke my tails for nothing!?" Bookshire cut in and explained what
happened to him.
     "That was also a joke. You're fine. You can take those silly things off
right now. Nina suggested it to me. You could thank her for that." Tails
pulled off the casts and hit Nina on the back of her metallic head with one.
     "Hey!" Nina took the other cast and started poking Tails with it.
     "Ow! No fair! You got armor on." Nina and Tails started batting at each
other and running around for about ten minutes until Sally stopped them.
     "Hey, Rote! Tell me something, Bunnie smashed your computer today.
Howdja pull that one off?" Sonic curiously asked.
     "Oh, that was just an old monochrome monitor she smashed. I had in the
back of my closet."
     "That was pretty good, I wouldn't have thought of that!"
     "Of course not! You hate going into my closet." Sonic and Rotor laughed
and drank more wine.

     "I don't think your fat, Rotor." Rotor looked at his gut and back at
Bunnie.
     "What brought that up?"

- - - -
Chapter Three
Union
by Felix Xavier Jinx
- - - -

Prologue  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
April 3237, Packbell is back, and Sally is maybe one month short of eighteen.
(That's right, she's almost queen.) Spring.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

     It's morning on Mobius. The sun beamed through the holes of the foliage
that covers Knothole from aerial view. Sonic is sitting next to the Power Ring
pool, watching Rotor under the surface, making adjustments. He surfaced,
exhaling and inhaling like he hadn't in half an hour. Actually, he hadn't.
     "Man, you can stay down there for a long time!" Sonic said in surprise.
     "Yeah.." Rotor gasped. "But it's not easy."
     "Are the adjustments done?" Sonic asked.
     "Yes, but what in Mobius do you need a Power Ring the size of your
finger for?" Rotor inquired.
     "Oh! It's not for me. Come here." Sonic explained, and whispered to
Rotor. A smile appeared from tusk to tusk.
     "You're serious!" Rotor exclaimed.
     "Yeah! Isn't it great!" Sonic sighed. "After over ten years, I'm gonna
ask Sally to marry me!" The walrus and hedgehog gave each other a hug out of
mutual excitement and joy.
     "Well, here's your engagement ring now..." Rotor pointed to the surface,
to see a rather disappointing climax.
     "Why did it come up so soon?" Sonic asked. He picked the ring out of the
water.
     "Well, look at it. It's only maybe one fiftieth the size of your normal
power ring." Rotor explained.
     "That'll probably give you two seconds of juice."
     "Cool. Listen, don't tell anybody yet. I'm sure after I tell Sally
tonight, gossip will run faster than me!" Sonic asked.
     "Oh, don't worry!" Rotor chuckled, and made the motion to zip his lips.
     "Okay. Gotta juice." Sonic took of like a blue streak. Rotor sat down,
and laughed to himself.
     "It's about time!" He thought, and dried off.

     Sonic was going to propose to Sally in the garden late in the evening,
under the full moon. No wonder the entire day seemed to crawl by for Sonic. He
tried to avoid Sally all day so as to not accidentally give away his plan.
Eventually, the bright sun dove behind the distant mountains, and cast
twilight on Knothole. Sonic's plan begins. Sally was sitting in her hut, doing
boring work with Nicole, hoping for some type of diversion.
     "Nicole, give me the numbers of rescued Mobians from Robotropolis to
date." Sally asked. Nicole didn't say anything, but presented to her a three
inch hologram of her blue hedgehog.
     "Oh, Sonic, give me the number of citizens rescued to date." Sally asked
with a smirk. "Or do you want me for something more fun."
     "Sally, meet me in the garden tonight at twenty-three hundred hours.
It's very important." the hologram asked before it flickered out.
     "Well, whatever it is, it will be better than working on this stuff."
Sally sighed.
     "Well, sorry." Nicole apologized. Sally smiled back, and left her hut
for the garden. As she arrived, she saw nobody. She knew he was hiding, so she
spoke up.
     "OK, Sonic, you're in big trouble for messing with Nicole." Sally
playfully scolded.
     "Aww, c'mon. Tell me you weren't bored." Sonic said. He appeared behind
the squirrel, arms crossed.
     "Well, yeah, I was. What's up?" Sally asked.
     "Just want to walk." Sonic said, and the two joined hands.
     "Walk? You?" Sally said in surprise.
     "Well, it's a beautiful night, and I wanted to share it with you." Sonic
said. Sally was touched. She kissed her blue hedgehog on the cheek, and they
walked for a short distance more. They sat down on a fallen tree trunk. Sally
tried to say something, but Sonic softly hushed her. After a minute, the moon
peeked out between two distant trees, casting a spotlight on Sally. Sonic then
got up, and kneeled on one knee before her.
     "Sally, I would give up running for you. I love you more than stars in
the sky. Sally, I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Will you marry
me?" Sonic asked, as smooth as silk. He presented the miniature Power Ring,
and put it on her left ring finger.
     "Oh, Sonic, I say yes. Yes a thousand times!" Sally exclaimed. The two
leaped up and embraced. A single tear ran down Sally's cheek. So did Sonic.
     "Let's tell everyone.... right now!" Sonic said. He tugged on her hand.
     "Yes! Let's do it!" Sally exclaimed. They crossed the garden, and snuck
into the center of town, where the fire alarm bell was hanging. Sonic and
Sally pulled on it, and a deafening squeal pealed out of the fire siren. Like
clockwork, everybody slowly, quietly filed into the center of town. Tails
pushed his way to the front of the line.
     "Where's the (yawn) fire?" Tails asked, trying to appear eager, but
couldn't.
     "My fellow Freedom Fighters! Sally and I are getting married!" Sonic
yelled. A cheer arose, and everybody forgot how tired they were. Everyone
gathered closer to Sally and Sonic and expressed their congratulations.
Bookshire wasted no time, and informed Charles to come tomorrow, to see the
new couple. After ten minutes, the novelty wore out, and everybody went back
to bed.
     "My goodness, Sonic. How long have you planned this?" Sally asked Sonic.
They stayed up after everyone and talked some more.
     "I've thought about it, for years, but I've only given it serious
thought for a week." Sonic explained.
     "Sonic. I'm tired." Sally got up, and kissed Sonic. "Good night, my
king." Sally strolled back to her hut.
     "Wait a sec. Your king'?" Sonic asked in surprise.
     "Well, yes. I will be queen here on my birthday, and whomever I marry
becomes king." Sally responded.
     "Oh, man. King! Wow! I forgot!" Sonic exclaimed. "My dreams come true,
and I rule Mobius in one swing!"
     "And I couldn't think of anybody better to share the throne with, my
love." Sally said, and gave Sonic one last kiss before they walked in opposite
directions to their huts. As Sonic lay in bed, his last thoughts were of
Sally, and his dreams finally fulfilled.
     The next day Sonic got up as he normally did, with Sally the first thing
on his mind. He got dressed, did a couple things, and started to head to her
hut, but found that Sally was just about to knock on Sonic's door.
     "Well, this is a surprise!" Sonic said. "Want to go to breakfast?"
     "Well, that's what I came over here for." Sally replied. The two joined
hands and walked over to the main hall. As they opened the door, an applause
arose. They met with every citizen in the village in the dining hall, all
waiting for them. The rest of the day was a party, celebrating the news of the
union. At dinner, all gathered again in the dining hall, where Sonic and Sally
were going to announce the dates and people involved.
     "When is the blessed event?" Bookshire called out from the back. The
couple looked at each other, and Sally spoke. "On my eighteenth birthday."
Chatter started, then died back down when Antoine's spoke up.
     "And who will marry you two?" he asked.
     "We were hoping you would, Antoine." Sally said again. "You know more of
tradition and rituals than all of us put together." A surprised look, followed
by a broad smile flowed over his face.
     "My princess, I would be honored." Antoine said and bowed graciously as
he replied.
     "Also," the princess continued, "I have chosen my maid of honor." Once
again, chatter rose and fell momentarily. "Bunnie, you are the only thought I
had for this position. I hope you will accept." Bunnie was visually overcome
with joy. She could only manage to nod her head and she wept.
     "And best man?" a voice inquired.
     "That will be Uncle Charles." Sonic said.
     "Good," a metallic voice said. "I would hate to come all the way down
here for nothing." Charles arose from the back of the room and started for the
head of the table, and Sonic headed for his uncle. They greeted each other
with a hug and both went to the front of the room, where Charles then took a
seat next to Sally.
     "Now, Tails and Nina." Sonic said. The two rose. "Do you two like the
idea of ring bearer and flower girl?" The two both lit up.
     "Way cool!" was sounded in unison from the two. Everybody laughed.
     "That's all for now," Sally included. "Now let's eat." After dinner, at
twilight, Sonic and Sally strolled through the garden.
     "Didn't you love the way Tails and Nina said 'Way Cool' together!" Sonic
 laughed."Don't you wish he was your real son sometimes?" Sally asked.
     "Oh, sure. Wouldn't mind being an old man." Sonic replied. "I mean a
dad. It would be so cool."
     At this point, they stopped, and Sally whispered to Sonic. For a second,
Sonic's face was blank, but after that second, it beamed, and he ran faster
than he had ever ran without a Power Ring. He passed through Knothole, yelling
"I'm gonna be a dad!"
     "Oh mah stars!" Bunnie whispered. Tails was with her.
     "What?" Tails asked.
     "Sally's pregnant!" She exclaimed.
     "Huh?" Tails asked. Unbelievably, he never heard the term.
     "Uh, oh." Bunnie looked at Tails.
     "What?" Tails asked, still confused.
     "Tails, do you know how babies are born?" Bunnie asked. Tails thought
for a second.
     "No." Bunnie knew the 'Birds and Bees' talk was due.
     "Come on, sugar. We gotta talk."
     After twenty minutes, Tails was grossed out, dumbfounded, confused, and
had questions he couldn't bare to ask. Actually, he came out of it better than
most kids. As Tails left Bunnie's hut, Sally walked in.
     "Hello, 'Mom'." Bunnie giggled. "Oh, Ah'm so happy for ya!" she hugged
Sally.
     "Oh, I can't believe it." Sally sighed. "There's so much going on!"
     "Yeah! Ain't it great!" Bunnie asked.
     "Bunnie," Sally turned to the rabbit, serious as dead. "Am I doing the
right thing?"
     "Do you love Sonic? With all yer heart?" Bunnie asked.
     "Of course!" Sally replied.
     "Then youre doin' the right thing." Bunnie replied, and patted her hand.
     "Oh, what was Tails here for?" Sally asked.
     "I gave him 'the talk'." Bunnie said.
     "Oh my gosh!" Sally giggled. "You didn't!"
     "Well, somebody had ta. I just hope I straightened him out." Bunnie
said. The two conversed in to the wee hours.

     During the months that followed, the entire town of Knothole prepared
for the wedding. Antoine was the busiest, studying and reading text on
weddings and royal coronations, because Sonic would be crowned King after the
wedding. Bookshire provided the reading material for him. Sonic and Sally
moved into the same hut together. Sonic worked on making the hut as large and
palace like as possible, because until they overthrew Packbell, they couldn't
move back in to Mobotropolis and claim the original castle. (If it were still
standing, anyway.) Sally and Bunnie, with the occasional help from Nina, made
dresses and tuxedos for all directly involved in the wedding. This was all
Sally could do, since she was heavy with child.
     Before long, news of the wedding reached it's way to the great swamp,
where Gabriel Williams, the greatest computer hack Mobius has known, lived.
     "Sonic's getting married! I'll have to say hi, and see if I'm invited.
Computer, page Bookshire what's-his-name over in Knothole. Audio and visual,
please." The computed whirred a couple of times, and did it's business.
     In Knothole, Bookshire was printing out text for Antoine when a Giant
Pangolin face patched over the monitor. Bookshire took offence to this.
     "Just who do you think you are, barging in to my computer! No, wait,
your that Williams guy. What do you want?" Bookshire grunted.
     "I heard that the princess was getting married. I just wanted to say
congrats to Sonic and the misses, and see if I'm invited." Bookshire's mood
lightened up, after finding out that Gabriel wasn't going to fool around with
Knothole like he did last time.
     "Oh, yes, just a second." Bookshire got his cane and hobbled after
Sonic. Sonic appeared a few seconds later.
     "Williams! Long time no see, eh?" Sonic greeted.
     "Well, I wanted to know if I can come to the wedding?" Williams asked.
     "Of course, man! Everybody but Snotly's invited. Oh, is there a doc over
in your neck of the woods, I mean swamp?"
     "Why? Somebody sick?"
     "Naw. I gonna be a dad!"
     "Cool! Uh, yeah. Right now?" Williams asked.
     "No. She doesn't even have a gut yet."
     "Oh, sure. Well, got some really important stuff to do. I see ya later."
     "Right. Bye." Sonic said, and bolted back to his project.

- - - -
Timeline- the day before the wedding, May 18, 3237
- - - -

     "Stand still!" Bunnie groaned. She was pinning and making adjustments on
Tails' tux. Tails was irritated, as he stood on a chair, arms straight out.
Even his tails twitched in irritation.
     "I can't hold still! You keep sticking me!" Tails barked.
     "If ya stood still, ah wouldn't stick ya!" Bunnie snapped. Tails inhaled
and stood at attention. His tails stood out like bottle brushes.
     "There! Now take it off carefully, and go on." Tails slipped out of the
half completed tux and trotted off. "I swear!" Bunnie exclaimed. "You'd think
he was havin' a seizure!"
     "Oh, come on, Bunnie, he's only twelve years old. What do you expect?"
Sally answered. She was sitting with a dress, sewing.
     "So, has she kicked yet?" Bunnie asked, flopping down next to Sally.
     "She's only four weeks old! Give her some time." Sally said.
     "And what's wrong with he?" Sonic asked. He appeared in the doorway. "I
wouldn't mind Sonic, Jr., would you?" He crossed the room, pecked Sally on the
cheek, and sat down next to her. "We should be expecting company soon."
     "Yeah. By now, every Freedom Fighter has heard about our wedding." Sally
said.
     "You're right!" a voice answered outside. The three turned in surprise.
Williams presented himself. Upon seeing Sally, he kneeled in front of her,
bowing his head.
     "My queen!" Williams exclaimed, obviously joking around.
     "Not yet Williams." Sonic said, standing up. The two walked outside.
Already, a few people Sonic didn't recognize were setting up camp outside of
town.
     "I can't provide you a place to stay..." Sonic said, but was
interrupted.
     "Oh, that's ok. I set up camp already." Williams explained. "So what are
ya gonna name the little bugger?"
     "I don't know yet. I'm open for suggestions." Sonic said as he shrugged
his shoulders.
     "How 'bout Ivo?" Williams suggested. He was backhanded in the chest by
Sonic, who did not appreciate his humor.
     "Okay, okay." Williams said, rubbing the impact point. "Where does
Bookshire stay?"
     "Why? You gonna crash his computer?" Sonic asked, crossing his arms.
     "Now give me a break. I'm not gonna crash his computer."
     "Over there." Sonic pointed to Bookshire's hut. Williams walked over and
rapped on the door. The racoon answered.
     "Yes?" Bookshire asked.
     "Do you want to mess with Packbell's computer?" William's asked.
Bookshire wasn't doing anything important, so he invited him in. For the rest
of the day, the two broke into the central computer, stole information, and
put trillion character passwords on anything they felt like.
     Sunset came, and the twilight was welcomed by campfires in the woods.
Sonic was hanging shelves in the hut, when Sally walked in.
     "Hello. Are the tuxes and dresses ready?"
     "Yes, they're done. Um, Tails and Williams are looking for you." Sally
said. Sonic looked surprised, and dropped his hammer. He poked his head out
the door. Outside was a lynch mob of all the male residents of Knothole,
looking to kidnap Sonic for a bachelor party. He went quietly. As they all
reached the dining hall, Tails was shooed out.
     "Aww. How come?" Tails whined.
     "You'll find out in ten years, kid." Williams replied, and closed the
door. Tails stomped off mad.
     At 0300 hours, Sonic staggered out, laughing his head off.
     "An entire hot dog!" Sonic yelled. After he calmed down, he snuck into
the hut, trying not to wake Sally. As he slipped into bed. Sally spoke.
     "So, what did you guys do?"
     "Um.... nothing." Sonic whispered.
     "Right. Goodnight." Sally fell back asleep. Sonic breathed a sigh of
relief, and also fell asleep.

     Sonic opened his eyes with difficulty. He heard the chronometer chime
twelve times. It was no wonder the space next to him was empty.
     "Great." Sonic groaned. He got up, scratched, tried to look presentable,
and walked over to the dining hall. Uncle Chuck was there, eating a chili dog.
     "I take it you missed breakfast." Charles said. "I made you up a
couple." Sonic thanked his uncle, and after breakfast, got his tuxedo on.
Sally did a good job on it. It fit the hedgehog down to the smallest quill. He
then went off, looking for Tails.
     "Hey! Have ya seen Tails?" Sonic asked as he knocked on Bunnie's open
door. Tails was getting helped into his tux by Bunnie, who was already dressed
in a plain pink dress.
     "Hi Sonic! Lookin' good!" He barked.
     "Hey! Same to you!" Sonic replied. "Hi Bunnie. Where's Sal?"
     "Now, ya can't see her till the weddin'." Bunnie said. Sally's voice
called out from the back room.
     "Uh oh. You better scoot." Bunnie said. Sonic left, Tails followed. The
two then met up with Uncle Chuck, and the three hung out for about fifteen
minutes, until they saw Antoine running around, yelling and giving orders. He
was in his dress uniform from the Royal Mobian Army, even though he never
fought in anything.
     "The wedding iz in twenty mineets! Let us go! Where are you going?"
Antoine was even nuttier when he was given a position of authority. The three
then made their way to the capture the flag field, where the wedding was being
held. It was the only space large enough (and concealed enough) to hold the
amount of guests they expected. However, the sheer number of guests surprised
even Uncle Chuck. Guests were everywhere, even in the trees.
     "I just hope that ze Packbell does not come and ruin ze wedding!"
Antoine said in a worried tone as Sonic, Tails and Uncle Chuck came up to the
altar.
     "That won't be a problem!" Williams said, quite proud of himself. "Take
a look." Williams opened a small computer, showing a small dot on the extreme
left of a map, with Knothole on the other end. "I told him you and Sal were
out on some mission out in the middle of nowhere."
     "Cool!" Sonic said. "Thanks!"
     "Can we consider you a Freedom Fighter then?" Uncle Chuck asked.
     "Oh, I don't know. We'll see." He turned and went back to his spot.
     At this point, Nina made her way down the isle, tossing flowers, and
stopped at the end. All the guests awww'ed at the cute little skunk. Then
followed Bunnie, holding a small bundle of flowers. She had put on a
petticoat, effectively poofing up her dress, and tucked up the sleeves, making
two balls at the ends of her shoulder blades. She also put pink ribbons on her
ears. After she took her place next to Nina, all eyes turned toward the start
of the isle. Sally now walked down. As she did, the song 'Here come's the
bride' drifted out of a boom box that Bookshire had. She wore a white, ornate
dress, decorated with lace as fine a hair, held up by about three petticoats.
Behind was a short train, which she dragged after her. Her stomach protruded
slightly. She met Sonic, and the two joined arms. Bookshire pushed the stop
button at the end of the trip, but accidentally hit the FF button, and the
stereo started playing a disco remix of classical music. This brought about
some laughter. Bookshire kicked the power cord, and the music stopped. Antoine
cleared his throat and began.
     "In the entire iztory of our planeet of Mobius, there has never been a
king who wasn't knighted. Princez, if you pleez." Antoine stepped back, and
nodded to Sally. She then, from the folds of her dress, drew a gleaming sword,
crusted with jewels and was extremely sharp. This surprised everybody,
including Sonic.
     "Whoa! I told you, nothing happened at the party last night!" Sonic
pleaded.
     "Sonic Hedgehog, kneel." Sally said sternly and regally. At this point,
Sonic knew what was going on. He knelt in front of Sally and bowed his head.
     "For your duty to the effort against the tyrants of Mobius, and
countless selfless acts to rescue the lives of others, I dub you Sir Sonic!"
She gently touched both shoulders with the blade. Every guest stood and
cheered. Antoine raised his hand, and the crowed hushed.
     "Now, we may begin. We are gathered here to witnez two lives join
together forever." Antoine turned to Sally. "Sally of Acorn, princez of
Mobius, and heir to the Crown, do you take this hedgehog as your husband, as
long as you shall live?"
     "I shall." Sally said. Antoine turned to Sonic.
     "And do you, Sir Sonic of Knothole, take Princez Sally of Acorn as your
wife, as long as you shall live?"
     "I shall." Sonic said.
     "If the ring bearer will prezent ze ring..." Antoine said to Tails. From
his coat pocket he produced a solid gold ring, which Sonic slipped on Sally's
finger.
     "I ask anyone now, eef anybody feels that this marriage should not take
place, speak!" Dead silence. If anybody wanted to say anything, it was
Antoine.
     "Then by official decree, let it be known that Sally and Sonic are
uzband and wife!"
Antoine exclaimed. Once again, everyone present stood and cheered, and once
again, Antoine raised a hand. Silence. This time, both Sonic and Sally knelt
before the altar.
     Charles and Bunnie then went behind the altar, and both retrieved a
wooden box. Chuck stood in front of Sonic, Bunnie in front of Sally. Both
removed the contents of the box, a jewel studded crown. As tradition dictated,
the best man and maid of honor placed the crowns on the newly wed couple. They
both rose, and Antoine spoke once again.
     "NOW... you may kiz ze bride." Sonic and Sally then came together and
kissed. The cheer from the crowd was tremendous. After a full minute of
applause, a rolling chant could be heard.
     "Long live the Queen! Long live the King!" This continued for another
five minutes. During this, the two then made their way back up the isle,
receiving congratulations and blessings from the guests. Then, as fast as one
could blink, the two disappeared until that evening, when they returned at the
reception. At twilight, the two entered the dining hall.
     "Hey, guess who decided to show up!" Williams yelled. Applause, once
again.
     "Now when you gonna throw that bouquet?" Bunnie asked. Sally almost
forgot she had held on to it all day. She turned her back, waited two seconds
for the crowd to gather, and tossed it. In mid air, a robotic arm shot up and
snagged the bouquet. No surprise, really, that it was Bunnie. After taking a
long draw of air from the flowers, she looked at Rotor. Rotor looked surprised
and pointed at himself. Bunnie nodded, and Rotor smiled.
     "So, where did you go with Sally after the wedding?" Uncle Charles
asked.
     "We visited the grave of her mother." Sonic said. "We said nothing. She
just sat there, like meditating or something. Then, after we got up to leave,
she looked back and said 'Thank you.' I don't know what to make of that."
     "Oh." Charles said. His response sounded like he knew what that was all
about.

     "Bookshire, Williams, can I talk to you?" Sally called out. The two
reported to the queen. "Now that I'm queen, I need to do something."
     "What, my queen?" Bookshire asked.
     "Charge Commander. Packbell with treason." Sally said. Silence. Sally
didn't realize t   ,      his had the potential of being fun.
     "What?" Williams asked, stunned.
     "He is a traitor to the crown." Sally said. She smiled evilly.
     "Let's arrest 'em!" Sonic exclaimed, and everybody was roused. They all
went over to Bookshire's hut, but only King Sonic, Queen Sally, Bookshire and
Williams went inside. Everybody waited outside to witness the event. Bookshire
and Williams hooked their computers together. Williams spoke.
     "Computer, find Packbell." He said.
     "Direct access requires Clearance Level Six." The computer replied.
     "Use Cryptosmasher." Bookshire replied. After two seconds, chimes
sounded, from the CHIMES.WAV file in Windows.
     "Access granted. Audio and visual link secured." the computer replied.
Packbell's long, pale face appeared. Surprise streaked across his face, and an
evil grin.
     "Hello, rodent." He replied.
     "Cmdr. Packbell, you are charged with the heinous crime of treason
against the crown." Sally announced. "You are now under arrest." All Packbell
did was lean back in his chair and laugh.
     "Oh, thank you, thank you princess. You have brought me the best laugh I
have had all day." Packbell giggled. His face then drained of all happy
emotion. "You stupid animals. You know what you did. Right now, all available
SWATbots are headed to Knothole right now. You have about maybe thirty seconds
to pray for your foolish little lives. Oh, by the way, happy birthday, Queen
Sally."
     "Meet my King, Sir Sonic." Sally introduced Sonic.
     "Hello, tinkertoy." Sonic saluted. At this point, Packbell looked at
surprise at a screen off to the side.
     "Now, of all people, or androids, anyway," Williams said. "You would be
first to realize I would loop a connection to you through so many channels it
would take you a good twenty minutes to find us." Packbell was visibly mad as
hell. The crowd started to laugh and caterwaul at the android.
     "Heed our warnings, Commander." Sally said. "The warrant against you
demands immediate termination if you do not surrender."
     "If you think..." Packbell screamed, pounding his fist into the desk.
     "Computer, terminate connection. I don't want to talk anymore." Williams
called. The computer blinked off, reading NO CARRIER. Cheers called up. Sonic
hugged Sally, laughing.
     "That was the best!" He exclaimed. "Long live the Queen!" The crowd
answered back in the same fashion. They all headed back from the best
entertainment they had seen in a while.
     At about 2100, Antoine brought out a seven tier wedding/birthday cake to
the grasp of some two hundred ravenous wedding guests. After three minutes,
absolutely nothing was left.
     "You peegs! Did you eeven TASTE eet?" Antoine exclaimed. He stomped off
to the kitchen.
     At midnight, the party had wound down to a crawl. Tails and Nina were
asleep next to each other in the corner, where a cushioned bench sat. Williams
went home, and only a few residents of Knothole remained.
     "Ok, I give. G'night you two," Bunnie yawned.
     "Same here." Rotor announced, and followed Bunnie out the door.
     "My first act as king of Mobius is..." Sonic announced, "to go to bed.
(YAWN) Man, am I beat."
     "Same here, your majesty." Sally giggled.
     "My second act as king of Mobius is to order nobody to call me 'Your
majesty.' Sonic will be fine, like it always was." Sonic yawned again, and the
royal couple left the dining hall to go to bed.

- - - -
Timeline- two days before the due date, June 2, 3237
- - - -

     "Aaaaagggghhhh!" Sally screamed. The contractions hit hard. While she
lay in bed, with Bunnie at her side, Sonic raced off to the Great Swamp to get
the resident medical doctor, Dr. Taylor.
     "You make me have second thoughts about starting a family, girl!" Bunnie
joked to Sally. Sally just rolled he eyes and held her midsection. Then, she
exhaled.
     "I love Sonic dearly, but he is NEVER touching me again!" Sally said,
giggling a little to let her friend know she was still in good humor. A boom
ripped through the air, indicating Sonic had come back with the doctor. The
two stopped at the door. Sonic walked in, followed by the doctor, panting.
     "My goodness, you sure can run..." she said. She caught her breath. "So,
how far apart are the contractions?"
     "Bout two minutes." Bunnie replied. Just then, Sally started screaming
in pain again.
     "Ok, it's show time. Sonic, you need to go." Dr. Taylor shooed the blue
king out the door. He tried peeking through the window, but the blind dropped.
Sonic just sat outside, against the wall, and waited. After five minutes of
inactivity, he got bored. "Maybe a couple laps will pass time..." Sonic
thought, and took off to run circles around Knothole. After two minutes, he
was back to being bored. Once again, he slid down the wall into a crouched
position. Tails descended out of the trees, and touched down in front of
Sonic.
     "Hi, Sonic. How's Aunt Sally?" the fox asked with concern.
     "Pregnant." Sonic sighed. Tails sat down next to Sonic.
     "Whatcha gonna name him?" Tails asked, trying to start a conversation.
     "Don't know." Sonic replied, staring out in space. Then a look of
satisfaction appeared. He turned to Tails. "How bout Miles?" Tails face lit
up.
     "Whoa! Really?!" Tails barked.
     "Well, I have no other ideas. If your Aunt Sally thinks it's cool, then
Miles it is." Both smiled broadly.
     "How come I can't have anybody named after me?" Bookshire whined as he
hobbled around the corner. He stopped in front of Sonic and bowed deeply.
Sonic cracked a smile.
     "C'mon. I hate it when you guys do that. I'm still the old Sonic." Sonic
said.
     "Yes, your highness." Bookshire laughed. Sonic shook his head, and
sighed. "How is she, Sonic?" Bookshire asked.
     "Pregnant." Tails replied. Sonic looked at Tails, and Tails was sorry he
said it.
     "Sally been in labor for about a full day!" Bookshire said. "I hope that
she's alright." As Bookshire finished speaking, another scream pealed out of
the hut. Sonic stood up to look at Sally, but the blind was still down. Sonic
was getting worried. He started pacing around the hut, while Bookshire and
Tails watched.
     "Will she be alright?" Sonic asked Bookshire.
     "Oh, I'm sure she will be. Just relax." Bookshire said. The doctor's
voice then cut in, commanding Sally to push. A grunt followed. Tails,
Bookshire, and Sonic held their breath, listening. After a couple more tries,
a tiny, tiny cry pierced the hedgehogs ears.
     "YES!!!" He screamed, and ran at full speed straight up a tree, and
became airborne. Tails flew up to catch the falling king. As they touched
ground, all three rushed to the door. When Tails hand touched the knob,
another tiny cry, a different cry emerged. Sonic stopped dead in his tracks.
     "Ohmigosh...." Sonic whispered. "No way!" He burst in.
     "Congrats dad!" Bunnie exclaimed. "Twins!" Sure enough, Sally held two
little bundles in her arms. "Well, go ahead. They don't bite.... yet." Bunnie
said. Sonic cautiously made his way to Sally, physically spent, holding
Sonic's offspring.
     "One of each." Sally said. Bunnie helped Sonic take both babies. The
girl was a light blue squirrel, the boy a brown hedgehog. Both looked exactly
like their parents, except the baby girl had a full tail that hung over her
head.
     "I have the perfect name for her." Sally said. "Julayla. In honor of my
mentor and friend. Sonic, do you have an idea for a name?" Sonic said nothing
for a couple of seconds, and looked down at Tails.
     "Yeah." Sonic said, his voice shaking. "Miles. In honor of the greatest
friend I have ever known." A tear streaked down his cheek, and landed on the
baby Miles forehead. Sonic gently hugged his son and daughter, and Tails
hugged the three of them around Sonic's back.
     Just then, applause. Every Freedom Fighter of Knothole, with Charles in
front, welcomed the two newest residents in to the world.

- - - -
Chapter Four
Jinx
by Felix Xavier Jinx
- - - -
Timeline- June 5, 3237, three days after Sonic's kids are born.
- - - -

     Morning. The skies looked dark. A storm was rolling in. Wind howled like
the Devil himself. This made Bunnie jumpy. She was on scout patrol, looking
for anything suspicious. But the wind made her look over her shoulder every
few seconds. She sat down to rest, crossed her arms, and shuttered.
     "Man, I hate the wind before a storm." She said to herself. Bunnie got
up and continued, until she spotted a small, sickly fire, trying desperately
to stay alive. Bunnie darted behind a tree at the sight of this.
     "Who on earth is out in a storm like this?" she muttered to herself,
realizing the irony of her statement. Just then, something hit Bunnie in the
thigh, making a loud PING!. Bunnie's head shot up to the origin of trajectory
in time to see the leaves rustle.
     "That was no wind blown acorn!" Bunnie exclaimed. The wound began
leaking blood slowly. She jumped behind a fallen tree for cover, and poked her
head around the side. She saw a black figure hunched over, doing something.
Seizing the opportunity, she jumped up, and screaming louder then the wind,
she landed right behind the figure in a offensive stance. The figure, as soon
as Bunnie landed, swung around and pointed a pistol at Bunnie's chest. Neither
one moved for a full five seconds. The pistol armed animal then dropped his
gun to his side, and bowed graciously.
     "Felix Xavier Jinx, at your service." he introduced. Bunnie saw that he
was serious and dropped her guard, taking a better look at him. Felix was a
small feline, a little shorter than Bunnie, and pure black, except for his
white pupils. The only thing he wore was a black leather vest with one button
in the middle.
     "Now, why did you shoot at me, sugar?" Bunnie asked, rubbing the wound.
     "I thought you were a bot. I apologize." Felix said. "Now, by any
chance, uh....."
     "Bunnie." Bunnie replied.
     "Do you have the foggiest idea where Knothole is?" Surprise hit Bunnie.
She didn't know whether to tell him or knock him down.
     "Why?" Bunnie asked.
     "Because I'm looking to join the Freedom Fighters, and with any luck,
find my mom." Felix answered. Bunnie still was skeptical. She drew a
communicator from he jacket. After pushing a button, she got a staticy voice.
It was Sally's.
     "Yes, Bunnie?" Sally asked.
     "Sal, I gotta cat here, says his name's Felix. He wants to join our
little club." Bunnie said. Felix went off to go extinguish his fire.
     "Felix? Does he have a full name?" Sally asked.
     "Yeah, I think he said Xavier Jinx." Bunnie said.
     "Okay, hold on." Sally said. Silence for a moment, then her voice
cracked on.
     "Yeah, bring him by." Sally instructed.
     "Don't mind me asking, but how do you know he ain't one of Packbell's
goons?" Bunnie asked.
     "Is he black, and is his mother a Dr. Onyx Jinx?"
     "Uh, hold on." Bunnie yelled back at the cat.
     "Hey! Your mom, the teacher, what's her name?"
     "What, she's a teacher now? Last time I checked, my mom was a doctor,
and her name is Onyx."
     "Bingo." Bunnie replied to Sally. "Be home in about five minutes, girl."
Bunnie turned her communicator off and stuck it in her jacket.
     "Okay. Let's go." Bunnie yelled. The wind picked up. It was going to
rain soon. Felix walked toward Bunnie, but stooped to pick up a backpack
before accompanying her.
     "Come on, let's get to Knothole before we get wet!" Bunnie exclaimed and
began trotting of home, with Felix behind her.

- - - -

      Back at Knothole, Felix was sitting in the dining hall, surrounded by
Sally, Sonic, Rotor, Bookshire, Tails, Sir Charles and Bunnie.
     "Okay, Felix...." Sally, tried to remember the rest of his name.
     "Xavier Jinx." Felix finished.
     "Your mom had a thing for X's, huh?" Sonic asked.
     "You don't know the half of it." Felix said, and unbuttoned his vest.
Over his heart, gleaming white, was a furry X.
     "That's why I wear the vest. Keeps others from getting an unfair
advantage."
     "I think it's cool!" Tails piped.
     "So do I. Sometimes." Felix replied.
     "Unfortunately, I need you to empty out your bag, for safety." Sally
asked.
     "And trust." Bookshire continued.
     "Oh! Of course!" Felix said, and dumped the contents out on the table.
His belongs were a small pistol with a scope on the top, three small
carriages, a deck of cards, a black pouch, a magnifying glass, a slingshot,
about fifteen hundred BBs, which were all obediently attached to a strong
magnet, and a gold pocket watch.
     "And what's in the pouch?" Sonic asked.
     "Oh, my pride and joy." Felix said, and opened the pouch. Inside was a
mass of brass tubing that opened at one end. It resembled a six inch cube.
     "It's my trumpet." Felix said.
     "That isn't a trumpet." Bookshire said. "Is it?"
     "It's a pocket trumpet. A compact model." Felix said, and placed it
against his lips. He played the national anthem of Mobius, with all the pomp
and perfection it deserved. Sally was moved.
     "Oh, I haven't heard that in so long." She whispered. Applause followed,
and Felix bowed.
     "My pleasure, my queen." Felix put his trumpet away. Tails was toying
with his watch.
     "Felix, you're watch is running backwards... fast!" the fox exclaimed.
     "What time does it say?" Felix asked smoothly.
     "Um, six hundred hours."
     "Gimmie." Felix took the watch from Tails, and jumped out of his chair.
He started out the door, fast. Outside, he hurled the watch in the air. In
midair, about twenty feet up, it exploded. The mutilated carcass landed on the
ground. Everybody in town stared at Felix. He then turned to Tails.
     "Did you push the red button on the side?" Felix asked.
     "Yeah." Tails responded, obviously shaken and afraid he was in trouble.
     "Well, that sets the charge." Felix said. He came back in.
     "Any other surprises?" Sally asked, a little mad.
     "Not if you count me." Felix replied. "Dang. That was a cool watch."
     "I'm sorry, I didn't know..." Tails started.
     "Aww, don't worry about it. Those are easy to piece together." Felix
replied. "Now, if I'm not mistaken, is it breakfast time?"
     "Yeah, Aunt Sally! I'm starving!" Tails barked.
     "Antoine is in the kitchen, working on it now." Sally replied. "Felix,
would you like to stay?"
     "Why, yes. Thank you!" Felix had to fight to keep his eagerness in
check. He hadn't eaten a home cooked meal in a week. Nuts and berries don't do
the trick most of the time.
     "Okay. I'm going to check on the twins, Sonic." Sally announced and
started out the door.
     "Kids! Wow! Can I see?" Felix asked. It was obvious he liked children.
     "I don't see why not?" Sonic replied.
     "Sonic, Julayla is getting her tail, you know." Sally hinted to Sonic.
"I don't think she'll be very happy."
     "Oh, don't worry, I love em in all moods." Felix said. Sally sighed, and
took him over to their hut.
     "Dr. Taylor! Hello?" Sally called. Julayla screamed in pain in the back.
Her tail was being amputated, according to tradition in Sally's family. It was
easiest doing it immediately after birth, and usually easier to live without a
tail later in life. Dr. Taylor came out, holding Julayla. The poor baby had a
bandage clear around her rear.
     "Oh, she's so cute!" Felix said. Julayla shut up upon seeing the black
cat. "May I?" he asked.
     "Why not." said Sally, amazed at how Felix quieted her daughter. Felix
took her in his arms.
     "How do you do that?" Sonic asked, amazed also.
     "I don't know how he does it, but I do it with morphine." Dr. Taylor
whispered. After thirty seconds, Felix held a sleeping baby.
     "Now, if you excuse me," he said, handing Julayla gently to Sally. "I'm
hungry." He strolled back to the hall, and shut the door just before it
started to drizzle.

- - - -

     "Oh, Antoine, that was the best meal I have had in years!" Felix
complemented as he leaned back in his chair. He had at least three pounds of
pancakes in his stomach.
     "Thank you, Mr. Feelikks." Antoine replied. He had a real problem
pronouncing his name. He was truly flattered by the thanks of the cat. After
collecting dishes, Antoine headed back into the kitchen. Felix looked over his
belongings, and saw something missing. He picked up his backpack, and out fell
a laptop computer. He kept it around for games and writing little poems now
and then. He started playing a obscenely bloody game when he felt a tap on his
shoulder. He jumped with surprise, and deftly closed the computer. He turned
to see Sally.
     "Oh, you scared me." he gasped. "Did you want me?"
     "I have decided to let you have the chance of becoming a Freedom
Fighter, but first..." Sally pulled a chair out. "I have no idea who you are.
Can you give me background, Felix?"
     "Sure, I enjoy telling stories." Felix set his computer on the table.
"Let's see. I have no idea who my father is, I have no idea where I was born,
but my mom gave birth by herself."
     "Why? Were you lost in the forest?" Sally asked concerned.
     "No, she just wanted to. I thought it strange also. I'm seventeen for
maybe six more months. My mom, Onyx Jinx, and I, have lived in a hundred
hundred different villages, towns, cities, palaces, giving out first aid and
other medical needs. She was on a mission, I guess. While she doctored people,
I entertained myself with this." Felix patted his pistol on the table. "I
suppose I'm pretty good. I suppose I like throwing stuff." Felix pointed to
his other weapon, the slingshot.
     "How did you get so good on the trumpet?" Sally asked.
     "Well, when I was eight, we, my mom and I, were at this musician's
house. He broke his leg in six different places, but mom patched him up. As
payment, he insisted he teach me to play something. He had, AND knew how to
play EVERY instrument that was ever created. I chose trumpet because it made
me sound big, like a thundering elephant. I liked that cause I was small for
my age. Still am!" Felix and Sally cracked a smile at that remark. "We stayed
at his house for one year, and when we left, he gave me that pocket trumpet as
a gift. I practiced every day since."
     "Now, your mom. Why are you looking for her?" Sally asked.
     "She took off, maybe a year ago, looking for more doctor runs, I
suppose. So she left me, and said I'd be fine. I was, actually. I wandered for
a month, until I saw a village up the road. I figured I could find something
to eat, or job, or something, so I headed for town. About a mile before I got
there, I saw huge metal hovercrafts descend on it. In a matter of seconds,
about three quarters of the population was carried off, and the village
ablaze. I ran to help. Before I got there, I saw there were already other
animals there putting out the fire and tending to the hurt. I was recruited on
the spot. After sunset, when everything was under control, one of the animals,
a rabbit, I believe, asked me if I wanted to become a Freedom Fighter. I had
no idea what it meant, so he gave me the full story of Robotnick, Packbell,
Robotropolis, and the war. I saw no interest in it at the time, and declined.
He told me if I ever change my mind, find Knothole, because it would be the
best place to live if you were a Freedom Fighter. I wandered off, and found
that I wanted to give the idea a shot. So after nine months, and a thousand
directions, I'm finally here."
     "Wow. Sounds pretty fun." Sally replied.
     "Eh. Not really. It's a lot of walking." Felix sighed.
     "So are you really serious about becoming a Freedom Fighter?" Sally
asked.
     "Now, I didn't wander nine months for nothing." Felix answered.
     "Well, in order to become a Freedom Fighter, you have to go on a
mission. Nothing big, but still dangerous." Sally explained.
     "Oh, no problem. When can we go?" he asked.
     "Not in this rain. After it lets up, you may go. Do you think there's
anyone you want to go with?" she asked.
     "Well, you, maybe. Bunnie, if she isn't mad at me." Felix said.
     "Yes, I heard. You gave her a good size dent." Sally giggled.
     "And you did that with a BB?" Rotor asked. He walked in, with wet spots
all over his coat. It was starting to rain hard.
     "Well, that and about five hundred pounds of compressed helium." Felix
explained.
     "Helium? Why helium, and how did you get it so highly compressed?" Rotor
asked with amazement. It was very cold to the touch.
     "Helium is an amazing gas, you know. I was able, with extreme
difficulty, to compress twenty five thousand kiloliters into each capsule. One
of these will last for years." Rotor's eyes widened with amazement.
     "Twenty five THOUSAND!? Why don't they explode?" Rotor asked. He picked
one up, looking at it.
     "That I don't know, but Lawrencium is really strong stuff." Rotor looked
at Felix.
     "Isn't Lawrencium radioactive?"
     "Yeah...." Felix started. He was interrupted when Rotor jumped up,
dropping the capsule on the table. He frantically tried to brush his hands
off. "but it's depleted." Felix continued.
     "Now, if you know anything about chemistry, you would use hydrogen,
right?"
     "Yeah, I suppose. You could get a lot more in the cartridge, but it
explodes. One time it was attempted, but it blew up in someone's face." Felix
explained. "So, when do you think this rain will let up?"
     "I don't know. Not till tomorrow." Sally said, and looked out a window.
The rain had increased in intensity. "Entertain yourself until then. Maybe
with your video game." She had seen how gruesome it was before Felix ended it.
     "Okay. Sure." Felix replied. Sally left, and Tails came in. He was
drenched from crossing over to the hall from his hut.
     "Hi Felix. Whatcha doing?" Tails barked, and jumped into a chair next to
him.
     "Oh, not much." Felix said. "Want to play a game?"
     "Yeah!" Tails replied. He was bored stiff. Tails picked up the deck of
cards, and removed them from the box.
     "Do you know how to play poker?" Felix asked.
     "Uh, no." Tails replied.
     "Okay. I'll teach you. How much money do you have?" Felix asked.
     "Um, nothing. I don't need it." Tails innocently replied.
     "Hmm. Then what do you have a lot of that you value."
     "Um... chili dogs." Tails replied.
     "Okay. I guess that will do." Felix taught the fox the game of five card
draw in fifteen minutes. He was ready to hustle his opponent. They played for
an hour.
     "Yeah! I win!" Tails exclaimed. He held out a full house, aces and
fives. It thoroughly defeated Felix's straight. Felix held his head like he
was in pain.
     "Okay. You owe me..." Tails said, and checked a piece of paper. "Two
hundred and fourteen chili dogs." Felix moaned. Bunnie walked in. She had a
medium size bandage on her leg.
     "Guess what! I won two hundred and fourteen chili dogs, Aunt Bunnie!"
Tails barked.
     "My goodness! Congratulations!" Bunnie said, and Tails raced out the
door. Bunnie turned to Felix, who was still holding his head.
     "Got hustled, didn't ya?" Bunnie asked.
     "Yep." Felix sighed. "Does this place have a fireplace?"
     "Yeah, in the kitchen." Bunnie replied. Felix sat up, took the cards,
and walked in the kitchen. Inside was a roaring fire, which Felix tossed his
deck of cards into. They took about ten seconds to be totally consumed.
     "Um, Bunnie. About the shot I took of you in the forest this morning..."
Felix started to apologize, but Bunnie stopped him.
     "Naw, it's okay. Ah can take more than a little old BB." Bunnie said.
     "Well, I'm still sorry." Felix retorted. He smiled, and Bunnie smiled
back.
     "So, what do you do for boredom around here?" Felix asked.
     "Ah don't know. Ah'm busy for the moment. Maybe Rote has something to
do. Go knock on the door right next to the big oak straight ahead." Bunnie
said.
     "Okay. Goodbye." Felix darted across the center of town to Rotor's door.
He rapped a couple of times, and Rotor answered.
     "Oh, hi Felix. Come in, come in." Rotor said. "Excuse the mess."
     "Okay. What are you doing?" Felix asked.
     "Not much. I guess a feeble attempt to clean up. Want to help?"
     "Sure." Felix and Rotor started to clean, for about five minutes. The
novelty of cleaning had worn off, and the two had started to piece things
together with the spare parts laying around. Felix had constructed another
watch. It wasn't as pretty as the old one, but this one would function. All he
needed to do was find an explosive to pack inside.
     "Do you have any grenades around here?" Felix asked.
     "No! What on Mobius for?" Rotor answered surprised.
     "My new watch."
     "How did you come to learn all this information on explosives and
devises?" Rotor asked.
     "My mother and I went to visit an old badger who fought in a lot of
fights and battles. The fool dropped a grenade and blew shrapnel in his
backside." Rotor chuckled at this. "Well, my mom went to help. While he was
laid up, he taught me how to do all sorts of chemistry. He was a professor in
the subject eons ago."
     "Sounds interesting." Rotor replied. "You'll have fun fighting
Packbell." The two then spent the rest of the afternoon tinkering with things.
At dinner, everybody came to eat. Felix became the subject of conversation.
     "So, why exactly do you want to become a Freedom Fighter?" Sonic asked.
     "Entertainment. I'm tired of doing nothing. I'm also tired of seeing
villages lie in ruin." Felix explained. "I'd like to help."
     "Good. We need as many as we can get." Sonic replied. "Sal, who's goin'
with Xavier when he goes tomorrow."
     "You and Bunnie will." Sally said. Tails gave her sad puppy dog eyes,
because he was really starting to like Felix.
     "What will I be doing, you highness?" Felix asked.
     "Oh, you haven't been acquainted with our rules regarding titles,
Felix." Sonic said. "Queen Sally will be called Sally, and I will just be
called Sonic."
     "Why? What's your title?" Felix asked. He took a swallow of juice.
     "King." Sonic replied. Felix choked and coughed.
     "King! I'm sorry! If I disrespected you an anyway...." Felix nervously
explained. He was afraid he had made a rude comment.
     "No, no. It's cool." Sonic said, and wacked the feline on the back.
     "Felix, you will go in and set charges to sabotage a bot factory.
Looking back on the incident with your watch, I think you can handle it."
Sally said.
     "No problem. It'll be fun." Felix said.
     "Well, it's also work. If you don't treat it that way, Packbell will
have you into a bot before you know it." The Freedom Fighters finished their
meal with idle conversation. Afterwards, Felix left the dining hall to the
garden, to look for something to practice shooting at. The rain had cleared
up, and a few grey clouds sailed by in the night sky. Sally followed him, and
stopped him to talk.
     "Felix, I'm afraid there's something you should know." Sally said. She
sat down. Felix sat across from her.
     "Are you passionately in love with me?" Felix asked, in a ridiculous
voice that resembled Cheech Marin as Pedro de Pacas.
     "Felix..." Sally said. Felix apologized and sat silent. "I'm afraid that
I have some bad news. From the records Bookshire pulled off the Robotropolis
computer, it appears your mother was captured and roboticized some six months
ago." Sally explained in a solemn voice. Felix showed no expression, but a
tear rolled down his face.
     "No!" Felix whispered, voice cracking.
     "I am truly sorry. If I can do anything, anything at all." Sally said.
     "No. There is nothing you can do." Felix said. His voice turned cold,
and murderous. "Except to allow me to bring about the utter demise of
Robotropolis. Until then, may I be alone?" Felix asked. Sally nodded her head,
and left him sitting in the garden. Felix loaded his pistol, and began
shooting at the large rocks that lined the garden. Each shot, the pressure was
increased, until Felix shattered a rock to gravel with one shot.
     "The next shot will be aimed for your EYE! Do you hear me!" Felix yelled
into the dark, moonlit sky. His voice echoed off the forest, and faded away.
He then turned toward Knothole. Tails ran up to him as soon as he came into
sight.
     "Felix..." he asked.
     "Yeah?" Felix asked. He recomposed himself to his regular happy go lucky
mood.
     "I have an extra bed in my hut if you would like it." Felix smiled and
accepted the offer. After getting his things out of the dining hall, he
returned to Tails hut. "Um, do you need a blanket?" Tails asked, and dug in a
drawer for a quilt.
     "Naw. Watch this." Tails turned around to see Felix hold his backpack by
the ends of the straps. With a flick if the wrist, it quadrupled in size, and
turned into a sleeping bag.
     "Wow!" Tails exclaimed. "Where'd you get it?"
     "Made it. Would you like one?" Felix offered. Tails's face lit up.
     "Well, maybe if I stick around, I'll see what I can do. But until
then... (YAWN) I'm sleepy. Night, Tails." He swung his bag onto the top bunk
and climbed in. He was asleep in two minutes.

- - - -

     Crying. Felix cracked his eye to look at the chronometer on the wall.
     "Four. Great." He mumbled. He closed his eye. Just as he did, the crying
escalated into screaming. Felix jumped out of bed, and knocked on Sonic's
door. The door opened to Sally, with bloodshot eyes and lopsided hair. In each
arm, she held a baby.
     "Lemmie try." Felix offered. Sally was ready to try anything. She handed
them over. Felix positioned them on his shoulders, and gently bounced up and
down. The twins calmed down, and were sleeping in five minutes.
     "Felix, your amazing." Sally whispered. "I dub thee official babysitter
of Knothole."
     "I'm honored. Good night." Felix tromped back over to Tails's hut.
Sally, on the way to put the twins down, kicked Sonic in the foot. He still
slept soundly.
      The next thing that woke Felix up was the unrelenting sun. He was
positioned in such a way that the sun hit his face with full force. He knew
from past experience that there was no fighting it. He sat up, yawned, and
rubbed his eyes. He jumped down, and looked at Tails. He was asleep, smiling,
while his two tails went around slowly.
     "Auto pilot." Felix snickered. He walked over to the dining hall. He
opened the door to see Charles sitting with a large cup of coffee.
     "Good morning Felix. Are you ready for your mission today?" He
cheerfully greeted.
     "Yes sir!" Felix replied.
     "Good! Some coffee?" Charles offered.
     "Oh, no thanks. I hate it."
     "That's too bad." Charles replied, and drank the entire boiling hot cup
down in one tip of the cup. Felix's eyes widened. "Whoa!"
     "That's one good thing about being metal. Temperature means nothing.
Well, time to wake everybody up." Charles got up.
     "Maybe I should do it." Felix said. He trotted over to Tails's hut, and
retrieved his trumpet. Then, trotting back to the dining hall, he jumped on
the roof. He inhaled, and blew Reveille loud. Everybody recognized the tune,
and after three times played, animals emerged from their huts. Sonic looked at
him with a look of disgust, but both knew he was playing. After breakfast (and
a lavish compliment to Antoine by Felix) Sally, Bunnie, and Felix sat to
discuss the plan of attack.
     "Now Felix, you will place charges here and here. Also on any computer
consoles you find." Sally said, pointing to a map on the wall, projected by
Nicole. "Bunnie will accompany you."
     "Yes, your highness." Felix replied. Sally gave him a look. "Well, I've
gotta call you something. How bout high commander almighty?"
     "How bout Sally."
     "Yes, Sally."
     "Now.." Sally started, but sighed. "He does this every time. Sonic! Get
in here!" Sonic emerged with a chili dog protruding from his mouth.
     "Mmph!" Sonic replied.
     "Come on. This is important." Sally complained. Sonic swallowed.
     "Okay, okay." Sonic sat down, and the rest of the plan was explained.
     "Let's do it!" Felix said. Sonic, Bunnie, and Felix retrieved charges
and a Power Ring. Felix grabbed his watch and gun. After everything was loaded
up, Sonic picked Bunnie up and zipped to Robotropolis. In seconds, he came and
got Felix.
     "That was fast!" Felix exclaimed.
     "Yes, it was." Sonic said arrogantly. "Okay. Here I go." He ran off
inside the structure, and the unison tone of SWATbots chanting "HEDGEHOG
PRIORITY ONE" could be heard.
     "That's our cue, sugar. Let's go." Bunnie said, and the two darted
inside. They ran along to the computer room, until a SWATbot not on hedgehog
patrol spotted them. This one was larger than the garden variety, and had a
laser of comparable size.
     "YOU ARE UNDER ARREST..." the bot droned, and shot a laser at them. It
barley missed Felix's head. The energy from the blast made the hair on that
side of his face stand on end. Panic set in immediately. They retreated down a
corridor, with the SWATbot slowly following them. Along the way, they ducked
behind some barrels.
     "Great!" Bunnie said.
     "Wait, what do these barrels say?" Felix asked as he rubbed away the
dust.
     "Uh, HCl. So?" Bunnie asked.
     "Hold on." Felix lowered the pressure on his gun, and shot a beam of
metal across the corridor. It PINGed, and Felix smiled.
     "Open these barrels, quick." Bunnie did, and Felix hefted the beam. He
dunked it in the barrel, and it bubbled violently.
     "Come on." Felix said, and the two ran further down the corridor, and
turned the corner. They heard the SWATbot approach, chanting "YOU ARE UNDER
ARREST..." Felix then held his gun out and pulled it back in quickly. As he
did, a fireball tore through the corridor, just missing Felix and Bunnie.
Felix looked out, and the charred remains of a SWATbot slumped against the
wall.
     "My stars! What just happened?" Bunnie asked.
     "I'll tell you in the computer room." The two ran off for their
destination.
     "Okay, chemistry lesson, Bunnie." Felix said as they entered the
computer room. "The beam was aluminum. I could tell when I shot it. The barrel
was hydrochloric acid. When aluminum and hydrochloric acid react, it produces
hydrogen gas and aluminum chloride. Hydrogen gas burns violently." Bunnie now
saw the reason.
     "So when that fool bot fired up his laser, he turned on the oven."
Bunnie said. "You are amazin'!"
     "That's it." Felix set the last charge. "Let's get out of here."
     "Whoa there sugar. A bot just passed." Bunnie said. "Hey, you shoot past
it and distract it so we can git."
     "Okay." Felix pointed in the direction of the SWATbot, and accidentally
shot the back of it's head. It swiveled around and approached the computer
room.
     "Great goin', crack shot. Look out." Bunnie waited by the door. As soon
as the SWATbot turned the corner, Bunnie's fist ripped through it's chest. She
left a pile of metal in the doorway. The two then when about looking for the
escape, when Bunnie heard a very familiar voice come down the hallway,
screaming "If you want a job done right, you have to do it yourself!"
     "Packbell!" Bunnie yelped, and ran in the opposite direction. Felix was
right behind. After running in fear for a minute, they found themselves in
Packbell's own office.
     "Oh, man. Hide." Bunnie said and dove under a control panel. Felix
looked around for a second, and saw Packbell enter. Felix jumped over
Packbell's desk and hid. He stared right into a laser rifle that Packbell kept
behind the desk.
     "I don't care who you are, but I will kill you all the same." Packbell
shouted. Felix, feeling brave, rose up, with laser rifle in hand, and aimed.
He shot Packbell once in the hip, but did little damage. Packbell, at the
speed of light, drew a laser pistol, and sheered off the front half of the
rifle Felix carried. Felix dropped. For one second he was scared stiff, and
the next second he knew what Packbell just did.
     "If you give up in the next two seconds, I'll only torture you and
roboticize you. If not... I'll still torture and robotize you. One..."
     "Packbell, do you know why they put the front half on a laser rifle?"
Felix asked.
     "No. Two." Packbell moved towards his desk.
     "Safety." Felix stated, and fired. The laser beam that emitted from the
rifle cut through the desk, and through Packbell. It also cut a notch into the
entire wall in front of Felix. He tossed it aside, and drew his BB gun. As he
sat up, he saw Packbell, lying on the ground in two pieces. His lower half
convulsed while sparks poured out of his waist. His upper half laid still
while Packbell's head looked straight at Felix. Felix increased the pressure
on his gun and loaded. Bunnie emerged, dumbfounded. Felix took aim two inches
from Packbell's eye.
     "Do it." Bunnie whispered. Felix's finger squeezed. A blue flash
streaked in, grabbed Bunnie and Felix. They all left the building just as
fifteen charges went off at once. Sonic stopped outside the Great Forest, and
the three watched the mushroom cloud climb into the cloudy sky. The three
still stood, utterly amazed at what the rookie had did to the fiercest threat
to Mobius.
     "If I'm not mistaken," Sonic said. "I just saw Packbell lying on the
ground in two pieces."
     "Yeah.." Bunnie said, out of it. She couldn't believe the Packbell might
actually be dead. The three turned to Robotropolis, and saw the pipes that
stuck out of the factories stop belching pollution. They all walked home.
      When they got home, they all got the usual reception of cheers and
congratulations. However, the three had a solemn look.
     "What's the matter?" Sally asked Felix.
     "I think I did it." Felix replied.
     "Yeah you did! We could see the cloud from here!" Tails barked.
     "No, I mean I really did it!" Felix said, now with enthusiasm in is
voice.
     "What?" Sally asked.
     "I killed him."
     "Packbell?" Sally asked.
     "Yeah! I cut him in half with a laser rifle."
     "Ohmigosh. Your serious!" Sally exclaimed.
     "You what?" Sir Charles asked.
     "See, I had hid behind his desk with a laser rifle, right. And I stood
up and tagged him in         . He turned around and shot off the end. Now, the
front half of a laser rifle was put on to concentrate the beam. When that's
off, it makes a beam as wide as a room! I took out the desk, the wall, and
Packbell!" Felix exclaimed, using hand motions the entire time.
     "No way!" Tails exclaimed.
     "Yep." Felix said.
     "Well then, let it be known that Felix Xavier Jinx is now a bonafide
Freedom Fighter!" Sally cheered. Everybody was ecstatic. But before the party
was started, Bookshire spoke up.
     "I'm sorry to say this, but Packbell is an android, and there is a
chance he may still be functioning."
     "I'm afraid you're right, Book." Sonic said.
     "Well, if he is alive, the place would be smoking like it used to."
Tails said.
     "Yeah." Sally agreed. "If the factories don't start smoking in two days,
we will consider him dead."
     "Agreed." Everyone said in unison.
     "I'll take first watch." Rotor said. For the rest of the day, everybody
had a mixed feeling of excitement and disappointment. In Robotropolis,
however, Packbell spoke after two hours.
     "Take posterior off line." Immediately, the legs stopped sparking.
     "Auxiliary power to torso and arms." Packbell commanded. He propped
himself up on the end of his stump he had for a chest. He reached up and felt
his forehead. Felix missed his eye by less then an inch, imbedding a BB deep
in his brain. Packbell began to walk as if on crutches, and sat up on top of a
console.
     "Damage report, computer." he commanded, in a crackling voice.
     "West end absolutely destroyed. Other sectors report twelve present
power loss."
     "Reroute power, and have factories producing in fourteen hours."
Packbell then hopped off the console, and staggered into his laboratory.
     "Computer, prepare to upload Packbell." Packbell croaked. His body was
disintegrating. A plug descended from the ceiling, and Packbell seized it. He
inserted it into his mouth, and fell limp. Inside the computer, he began the
process of creating another body.
      In Knothole, Felix was keeping watch of Robotropolis. It was an hour
before sunrise. He stared off into the sky over Robotropolis. It was clear for
the first time in a decade. He thought of Onyx Jinx. Maybe she wasn't
roboticized, maybe she was dead, maybe she was somewhere else, working her
medical wonders. Bunnie came up behind him, to relieve him of his watch.
     "Anything?" Bunnie asked.
     "Nope." Felix sighed.
     "Do ya think he might be gone?" Bunnie asked.
     "I don't know." Felix replied.
     Sunrise. The beams hit the two sitting on the outskirts of the Great
Forest. Very, very slowly, a wisp of smoke sailed out of a pipe.
     "Oh, no!" Bunnie quietly exclaimed.
     A black ball of smoke came from each smoke stack, and a stream of waste
poured out into the sky once again, soon snuffing out the blue. Tears streamed
down Bunnie's face, and she buried her face in Felix's chest, crying. Felix
comforted her, trying to hide tears of his own.
     "Don't worry, Bunnie. Next time we'll get him." Felix sniffled. "Next
time."

- - - -
Chapter Five
Masquerade
by
Felix Xavier Jinx
- - - -
Timeline - June 9, about three weeks after Felix Xavier Jinx had completed his
first mission.
- - - -

     Daybreak. Felix blew warm air into his trumpet. The sun rose early, and
hit Felix full force in the face. After warming up a little, he played
Reveille, a tune the residents of Knothole had grown to hate. Like clockwork,
everybody crawled out of their huts. They were all surprised at how warm it
actually was and hustled to the dining hall. Felix jumped down, and followed
inside. Breakfast went as normal. After everyone had eaten, they all left to
attend to their daily chores. Tails had scout duty this morning, and was
looking forward to it, because it was his first time out. He got a jacket, and
a communicator from Sally. After he retrieved everything he needed, he floated
off into the forest.
     Tails had found out scouting wasn't as much fun as he thought it would
be. After fifteen minutes, he was bored, and he had another two hours of
scouting to do. He also had to hold or keep an eye on his jacket because it
was too warm to wear one.
     "Tails, how ya doin'?" Bunnie asked over the communicator.
     "Okay, I guess." Tails said. "Nothing's goin' on."
     "That's good. Tell us if ya see anything suspicious. Remember like Ah
told ya what to look for. Okay?" Bunnie instructed.
     "Okay, Aunt YAAH!" Tails screamed in surprise. He saw a SWATbot standing
next to the trail. He jumped behind a tree.
     "Honey! What happened?!" Bunnie exclaimed.
     "There's a bot on the trail!" Tails whispered.
     "Okay, hold tight. Get away, and I'll be right there." Bunnie said.
     "Wait a sec. It's not movin'!" Tails whispered in surprise.
     "What?" Bunnie asked.
     "Hold on, I mean stand by." Tails corrected himself. He put down the
communicator and picked up a stone. He tossed it, and nailed the SWATbot in
the arm. Nothing.
     "Aunt Bunnie, it doesn't work anymore!" Tails barked.
     "Huh?" Bunnie asked in disbelief.
     "Yeah! It just shut down right there!"
     "Okay. Wait there and Sonic and I will be right there." Bunnie
instructed.
     "K. Bye! I mean over." Tails turned the communicator off, and took a
closer look. It was a SWATbot, but why it shut down was the question Tails
had. It looked like a metal version of Sonic; same height and build. Tails was
as curious as ever.
     "So you think your so tough, huh?" Tails spoke up. The SWATbot just
stood there, laser in the ready to fire position.
     "Well, take that!" Tails threw a punch to the chest of the bot. The
punch caused the arms and head to loosen, the bot moved it's head to look at
Tails, and the arms fell to point the passive laser at him. Tails barked in
panic and jumped back into the brush. Sonic and Bunnie emerged from the
forest.
     "Help! It's gonna shoot me!" Tails screamed. Sonic and Bunnie looked at
the bot.
     "Handsome lookin' devil, I'd say!" Sonic said, leaning up against it.
     "You were right Tails. It's as dead as a doornail." Bunnie said.
     "What should we do with it?" Tails asked. He still hid behind a tree,
cautious of the laser.
     "I suppose we could take it to Rotor. He can always use spare parts."
Bunnie suggested.
     "I guess." Sonic said. He picked it up on his back, and found it lighter
then he thought it would be.
     "We'll walk." Bunnie said. Sonic raced back to Knothole, with the load
on his back. When he got to the village, everybody panicked and took evasive
action.
     "Whoa, guys! It's dead! I just brought it back for spare parts!" Sonic
announced. Everybody poked their heads out. Charles was the first one to
emerge and assist Sonic.
     "Handsome looking devil, I'd say." Charles said.
     "Where in the world did you get a bot, Sonic?" Bookshire asked,
examining the bot closely.
     "Out in the woods. It just died where it stood, I suppose." Sonic said.
     "May I have it?" Bookshire asked.
     "Happy birthday. I hope you like it." Sonic picked it up and hauled it
over to Bookshire's hut. Inside, he placed it on an exam table.Bookshire
immediately began to tinker with it, hooking it up to his computer to see if
he could access its memory. He flipped on his computer, and accessed the main
menu for the SWATbot's memory.
     "Access format options." Bookshire said.
     "This function requires a level five..." the computer started to say,
but Bookshire interrupted.
     "Cryptosmasher software." Bookshire said.
     "PING Access granted." the computer cheerfully replied.
     "Format memory drive." Bookshire commanded. Internal components of the
SWATbot whirred, then the computer flashed "FORMAT COMPLETE."
     "Sonic, how did you know it was my birthday?" Bookshire asked.
     "Oh, lucky guess." Sonic said, rolling his eyes and rocking on his
heals, trying to act innocent.
     "Now, Sonic, I don't want anything for my birthday. I don't want a big
deal, either." Bookshire said.
      "Well, I'll take the bot back then." Sonic said. He advanced to the
table, but Bookshire interrupted.
      "Well, I could make an exception." Bookshire said.

      After an hour, Sonic was called back to Bookshire's hut. Inside, it was
obvious he was enjoying his present... all over the hut. Sonic stepped over a
medium sized motherboard as he entered.
     "Sonic, how would you like to be a bot?" Bookshire asked Sonic, who was
still standing there. Sonic looked surprised.
     "What? You sound like Robotnick!" Sonic exclaimed.
     "Don't worry. Now that this unit has no idea where it came from or who
it belongs to, it won't mind if I hollow it out." Bookshire stated.
     "I still don't follow, Book." Sonic said, crossing his arms.
     "If we took all the components out of the SWATbot, save for some visual
relay equipment, we could dress you up as a bot! It's the perfect camouflage!"
Bookshire exclaimed.
     "Now I see." Sonic said. "But why me?"
     "Well, you, Charles and Miles are the only hedgehogs here. Now it would
defeat the purpose to put Charles into a bot costume, and Miles will have to
wait for a few years. You would fit perfectly."
     "Okay, I'll volunteer. When do you suppose this bot will be ready?"
     "Oh, with me and my eager beaver... I mean walrus working on it... maybe
a week." Bookshire said.
     "Cool. This will be fun. Going into Robotropolis and nobody knowing I'm
there." Sonic left to get Rotor, who hadn't seen the newly discovered SWATbot
yet. He found him in his hut.
     "Rote. Bookshire wants you in his hut." Sonic called from outside. Rotor
walked over, opened the door, and jumped to see the bot on the table.
     "Geez! What are you doing with THAT?!" Rotor asked in surprise.
Bookshire was laughing from he reaction Rotor gave.
     "Tails found it in the woods. I want to turn it into SWATbot camouflage
for Sonic. Will you help?" Bookshire asked, wiping a tear from laughing to
hard away from his face.
     "You don't have to ask twice." Rotor said. The two started to work
dismantling the SWATbot.

- - - -

     In Robotropolis, the sky was black with pollution. Packbell had created
a new body, exactly the same. He was producing at triple the normal rate. He
was mad. He always turned up production when he was angry. He had no idea who
Felix was, or how he managed to tear him in half during his first encounter.
While sitting at his desk, he yelled for a bot. One rolled in.
     "Yes, your excellency?" It droned.
     "Until further notice, I want all felines captured to be brought to me
before robotization." Packbell stated.
     "Yes, your excellency." The bot rolled off. Packbell looked down, and
saw the laser that Felix had used. The nose of the gun was cut clean away. He
picked it up, and fired at the wall. A beam as wide as the room had emitted
from the gun, and a slit no fatter than a piece of paper was cut into half of
the room.
     "Safety..." thought Packbell. He got up, and went to the main weapons
storage. There he spent the entire day breaking the ends off laser rifles.

- - - -
Timeline- June 12, three days later.
- - - -

     Midnight. A beam of light emitted out of Bookshire's hut and hit the
ground outside. Rotor and Bookshire had worked on the bot for eighteen hours a
day. Tonight, they were almost done with their project.
     "Visual link established, Bookshire. Go ahead." Rotor announced.
Bookshire hit a key and the screen went black.
     "Oh, great. It doesn't work." Rotor sighed.
     "Rotor, take your hand off it's eyes." Bookshire said.
     "Oops!" Bookshire removed his hand.
     "Here we go." The screen showed a high resolution picture of Rotor
staring at the SWATbot.
     "Good. That's the last test. In the morning, we play tailors to
Sonic."Bookshire yawned.
     "Neat piece of junk, huh." Rotor said. He also yawned.
     "Yep. Night, Rotor. Thank you."
     "No, thank YOU, Book." Rotor closed the door and crossed the small town
to his hut.

- - - -

     "I still can't even imagine what benefits we can reap from this
SWATbot!" Bookshire exclaimed. He was fixing the arm of the SWATbot around
Sonic's. Rotor was doing up his leg.
     "I still think it's creepy." Sonic said. "Still..."
     "Okay, move your arm." Bookshire said. Sonic bended his arm in all
directions. It moved smoothly, but still restricted movement.
     "I hope your not claustrophobic. It's gonna get cooped up in here."
Rotor said. He moved on to fixing the torso around Sonic. Sally walked in,
with Miles in her arms. Upon seeing his father, the brown hedgehog started to
cry.
     "Poor kid. Doesn't even recognize me." Sonic said.
     "Good." Sally said. "If your own son doesn't recognize you, Packbell
won't." She left, and Rotor and Bookshire continued for another half hour,
until Sonic was completely enclosed, except for his head.
     "It's lighter then I thought!" Sonic exclaimed. He jumped up and down to
test the weight. Bookshire came over with the head of the SWATbot, and slipped
it over his head.
     "Hey! It's dark in here!" Sonic's muffled voice cried.
     "Hold on a second." Bookshire called, and turned on his computer.
     "Wow!" Sonic exclaimed. He could see everything in front of him, like
the head of the bot wasn't on at all. He walked around Bookshire's hut, a
little stiffly.
     "Um Sonic, don't look straight into the computer screen." Rotor said.
The two were watching what Sonic was watching.
     "What?" Sonic asked, and looked into the screen. A mirror effect took
place, about one hundred times more intense. Sonic felt dizzy, and fell to the
ground. "Whoa! My head is spinning!" Sonic cried. "Remind me never to do that
again."
     "Don't do that again."
     "You okay?" Bookshire exclaimed. Rotor helped him up.
     "Yeah." No damage happened to Sonic's suit.
     "Okay, now we'll check the laser." Bookshire said.
     "Laser! Way cool!" Sonic exclaimed.
     "Now raise your arm straight out and make a fist." Bookshire commanded.
Sonic did so, and a panel opened. Out raised a tube about four inches long.
Also, a red cross hair appeared in front of Sonic's eyes.
     "Move your arm around." Bookshire said. With his fist still closed, he
moved his arm. The cross hair moved to the spot where Sonic aimed.
     "Cool! How do you fire?" Sonic asked.
     "Can you feel a button on the palm of your hand with your middle
finger?" Rotor asked. As he finished, a laser beam shot out, punching out a
hole in Bookshire's wall.
     "Yep." Sonic said. "Sorry."
     "Yeah, yeah, just open your hand." Bookshire exclaimed. He did, and the
cross hair disappeared.
     "So far it works well. Go walk around in it." Bookshire said. Before he
left, Bunnie, Sally, and Tails entered.
     "Wow! Is that you, Sonic?" Tails asked.
     "Yeah! Isn't it cool?" Sonic said.
     "Hiya cutie." Bunnie greeted, smiling.
     "Oh ha ha. Very funny." Rotor said.
     "Okay. I'm off." Sonic left, and the five remaining in the hut watched
the screen.
     "Can you hear me, Sonic?" Rotor asked.
     "Yeah, crystal clear." Sonic replied. Reception was clear on Rotor's end
also. Sonic walked around, moving in different directions. He then walked over
to Tails's hut, where Felix was staying. He knocked on the door. Felix opened
it, and saw Sonic. He jumped and hit the wall, exclaiming what sounded like a
swear word in another language. Laughter could be heard pouring out of
Bookshire's hut.
     "Sonic! It's you!" Felix exclaimed and rubbed his head. "Don't do that!"
     "Sorry bout that." Felix got up, and examined the suit.
     "They put it together already, huh. Cool. When are you going out in it?"
Felix asked.
     "Yeah, when, Book?" Sonic asked. After a moment of silence to Felix,
Sonic answered.
     "Tomorrow, maybe." Sonic said. "After Book does some more tests."
     "Okay. Well, bye Sonic." Sonic went about lumbering around Knothole.
After an hour of assorted tests, Sonic made his way back to Bookshire's hut.
The suit was taken off in six pieces. After it was taken off, Sonic stretched.
     "Oh, man! It's good to get out of there. I've gotta run!" Sonic
exclaimed and took off out the door.
     "Well, this suit is running perfectly." Bookshire commented, and laid it
carefully on the table.
     "Bookshire, what's that?" Rotor asked. He pointed to a dozen dots
floating in the sky.
     "I can't say." The dots were getting larger. "They look like... bats!"
They were. They were closing on Knothole.
     "What do you think..." Sally started to ask, when one swooped down and
knocked her down to the ground.
     "Death to the queen! Ha, ha!" the bat cheered. The other eleven closed
in, and began dropping rocks on the town.
     "Anarchists! Just great!" Sally moaned. She knew that they would
probably be little more than a hazardous nuisance. Sonic raced into town, and
into Bookshire's hut.
     "What is going on!?" Sonic exclaimed. "What are those boneheads doing?"
     "They're a bunch of fools that hate the crown." Sally said. "If they
hang around long enough, they might attract Packbell!"
     "Sonic! Here, put the laser arm and head on!" Bookshire exclaimed. Sonic
grabbed the arm and slipped his arm in, and put the head over his.
     "Now shoot them down." Sally commanded. Sonic stepped outside, and armed
his laser. The cross hair came on, and he aimed. A laser set to low power hit
the first target. He fell out of the sky, screaming all the way. He hit the
ground, and was knocked out.
     "On the roofs!" Bookshire cried, pointing to the dining hall. Five bats
were ripping the tiles off the roof. Sonic shot them all off, one by one. The
other six had the sense to retreat, chanting "Death to Acorn".
     "Six for six. Impressive." Bookshire said.
     "Let's round these losers up, Sally." Sonic said, taking the head off.
     They rounded up the prisoners, and tied them up to the tree next to
Rotor's hut. The ringleader had to be gagged for yelling at the top of his
lungs.
     "These bats proved to be another test, Sonic." Bookshire commented.
     "Yeah. It's easy to hit your target when that cross hair is floating in
front of your face." Sonic said.
     "I don't think we have a prison, do we?" Bunnie asked.
     "No. I don't think we will need one." Charles answered. "Just have the
fiends do some chores and send them on their way."
     "You heard em, King. Go charge em with treason, or something." Bunnie
said to Sonic. Sonic smiled, and went off to the prisoners. The ringleader was
still mumbling under the gag.
     "Okay you guys, you're charged with...." Sonic had to think. "Being a
threat to the goodwill of Knothole. How do you plead?" All the bats in unison
said "Not guilty."
     "You have no right to hold us!" yelled one of the bats. "I want a
lawyer!"
     "I am your lawyer!" Sonic exclaimed.
     "I suppose your the jury, too!" yelled another.
     "Naw. He is." Sonic pointed to Felix, who was sitting under a tree five
feet away. He had his nose in a book. He waved.
     "Oh, great." mumbled one of the bats.
     "Okay, Felix, have you reached a verdict?" Sonic asked. He pointed his
thumb down.
     "You are sentenced to repair the roof, and some other stuff that needs
to be done around here. Meet your warden." Sonic said. Felix dropped his book,
and cocked his gun. For the rest of the day, the bats repaired the roof, and
dug holes for outhouses in the forest. At the end of the day, Sally addressed
them.
     "Next time, the laser will be set for..." Sally was interrupted.
     "Well done." Felix stated. Tails giggled.
     "Hey, we're hungry! Jail gives you food, at least!" one bat piped. The
rest started to agree.
     "Okay." Sir Charles tossed the group his half eaten apple.
     "Now go away!" Felix yelled, and fired his pistol. It gave off a
deafening bang. The bats jumped and flew off at top speed.
     "That was fun..." moaned Felix.
     "Yeah. I'm going to bed.. I'll need all the energy I can get to juice
over to Robotropolis tomorrow." Sonic yawned.
     "Um, Sonic. You can't run in that suit. If you do, it will fall apart!"
Bookshire warned Sonic.
     "You mean...." Sonic started.
     "Yep. You're walkin'." Bunnie said.
     "Aw, man!" Sonic moaned. He tromped off to bed. Everybody else soon
followed.
     "I think Miles is still mad at you for being in that suit today." Sally
said. Miles lay in his crib, with his bottom lip sticking out on the verge of
crying. This made Sonic giggle.
     "Okay, okay. I'm sorry, kid." Sonic kissed him on the forehead, and
Miles appeared to forgive his father. Off in the distance, Felix played taps
to close the day. The last light out that evening was Bookshire's, who was
still checking the suit for any bugs and problems at the last second. After
the chronometer chimed ten times, he went to bed.

- - - -

     Reveille. As Freedom fighters awoke, they silently plotted revenge
against Felix. After breakfast, Sonic went over to Bookshire's to get the suit
on.
     "Now, if you get in trouble, Sonic, I want you to run. I don't care
about the suit." Bookshire said as he helped Sonic with the suit.
     "Sure thing." Sonic said, and slipped the head on. "See ya later." Sonic
then walked over to the Power Ring pool, where Felix was sitting with thread,
needle, and some cloth.
     "Hello, Sonic." Felix greeted without looking up from his project.
     "How'd you know I was coming?" Sonic asked.
     "Anybody can hear you clunking around in that bot outfit." Felix
chuckled. He continued to sew. Sonic took his helmet off.
     "Where did you learn how to sew?" Sonic asked. He was surprised that a
male had learned how to sew.
     "Out of necessity. When your out in the woods, and your backpack rips,
you learn." Felix answered.
     "Oh. Where's your vest?" Sonic asked, trying to make conversation. Felix
looked down, like he had forgotten it.
     "If nobody is going to make potshots at my X, then I leave it off. I
guess you could call it a sign of trust."
     "Whatcha making?" Sonic asked.
     "A backpack slash sleeping bag for Tails. He was so impressed with mine,
he wanted one, too." Felix answered. The water bubbled, and out shot a Power
Ring. Forgetting he was in uniform, Sonic tried to jump and catch it in
midair. He landed just short of the pool, and was waving his arms frantically.
Felix dived and shoved him two feet from the edge of the pool. Felix fell in
as a result.
     "Wow! This water's cold!" Felix cried when he came back up. Sonic
brushed himself off, and moved to the edge.
     "I think you just saved my life! Thanks Felix. I owe ya one." Felix did
save Sonic's life. With all that metal on, he would have sank.
     "Naw. A friend does those kinds of things for each other." Felix said.
He went under the surface, and came back up, wearing the Power Ring like a
collar. He jumped out quickly.
     "Brrr! Man, I'm getting a hot shower! Here, s-s-Sonic!" Felix gave Sonic
the Power Ring. He then tromped off to Tails's hut. Sonic placed the Power
Ring over his shoulder, and put the head back on.
     "Sonic!" Bookshire yelled. "What were you thinking?"
     "You saw the whole thing?" Sonic asked.
     "Yep." Bookshire answered.
     "I forgot I was in the suit. Sorry, Book."
     "Don't tell me sorry! You almost drowned! You can't be so cocky."
     "Yes Bookshire." Sonic answered. He began his trek to Robotropolis. He
found that walking was incredibly boring almost immediately. Nothing to do to
pass the time, or anything. Still, this had to be done. After an hour of
walking, he found himself on the edge of the forest, and saw Robotropolis on
the horizon. About one hundred yards away, he found a squadron of SWATbots on
patrol. They were all different species of animals that were roboticized.
Foxes, raccoons, dogs, cats, and towards the rear of the patrol, hedgehogs.
Bookshire's voice crackled in.
     "Sonic, do you see that patrol over there?" he asked.
     "Uh, yeah. What?" Sonic asked.
     "When they come near, take out one of the hedgehog SWATbots, and take
it's place. You should be able to sneak in unnoticed."
     "Cool! I'll give it a shot." Sonic answered. He hid behind a thicket of
bushes, and watched the squadron pass. As the last bot passed Sonic, he jumped
out and grabbed it. Before the bot could react, Sonic fired his laser point
blank at the robot's chest. It fell limp to the ground. Sonic then deftly
joined the ranks of the patrol, marching in step with the rest.
     "Good one, Sonic." Bookshire said. "Now, while inside, do not talk.
Others might detect you."
     "Got it." Sonic whispered. The patrol marched over another half mile of
territory, and went back in the factories of Robotropolis. Sonic easily made
it inside. When a corridor passed, he jumped in the corner and separated from
the group.
     "Alright, Sonic." Bookshire's voice crackled. "Go find a computer
somewhere." Sonic marched off to find a computer, being especially careful of
looking and acting exactly like a bot. After ten minutes of searching, he
found one in a room that was very dusty. It had probably been forgotten over
the years.
     "Good work, Sonic. Now, stick your pinky of your left hand into the
back." Sonic extended his little finger, and inserted it into the computer.
His normal sight vanished, and a menu flashed on. There, Bookshire downloaded
millions upon millions of restricted files which he could not obtain from
Knothole alone. As the menus and files flashed before Sonic, he closed his
eyes to prevent a headache.
     "Hey, Book!" Sonic whispered. "You done?"
     "Yes. Now try to reek as much havoc as possible before you leave."
     "Yes sir!" Sonic exclaimed, and shot up the computer he was working on
with an absurd amount of laser fire. Sonic could hear cheering and laughing in
the background.
     "Who else is there?" Sonic asked.
     "Everybody wanted to watch what you were doing." Bookshire replied. "Now
go have fun." Sonic did. After he snuck out of the room he was in, he made his
way into a warehouse full of barrels.
     "Shoot those." Bookshire said.
     "What? What will happen." Sonic asked.
     "Don't know. Felix just said stand at a distance and shoot them." Sonic
complied. He made a fist, and pressed         on. The first shot did nothing,
but number two set off a grand explosion. More cheering could be heard in the
background, but the sirens reminded Sonic to hide. He ducked behind another
corridor, and watched the entire reaction. He turned around to leave, when he
ran into a SWATbot at least twice as big as he was.
     "Malfunction detected. Liquidation recommended." the bot droned.
     "Oh, no!" Sonic and Bookshire exclaimed together. The last thing that
flashed across Bookshire's monitor was the laser of the SWATbot at point
blank.
     "SONIC!!" Sally screamed. She grabbed Bookshire by the collar, and shook
him wildly. "What happened!!" She screamed.
     "M-m my queen! Control yourself!" Bookshire exclaimed. Sally fell to her
knees, crying in front of the raccoon. "Now, don't jump to conclusions here!"
Bookshire said. "He could have hit the visual relay, or, or knocked a circuit
out! Rotor! Am I right?" Rotor could not say anything, just look down. He
turned around fast, to look at the animals behind him. Bunnie held Tails, and
the rest of the Freedom Fighters just looked sadly at the monitor in front of
them. "SONIC!!!" Bookshire yelled at the microphone. All he got in response
was static. Bookshire slumped into the chair behind him.
     "Computer, what is the probability of a SWATbot surviving a direct,
point blank, laser blast from another SWATbot?" Bookshire asked in a cold
tone.
     "Very minimal." the computer answered. Bookshire wiped away a tear.
     "Keep audio and visual link open." Bookshire said, and left his hut.
Nobody followed him. Sally stood up, and sat next to Bunnie and Tails. She
wrapped her arms around both, and cried.
     "Hypothetical situation, computer." Felix said. The computer whirred.
"Suppose a hedgehog was in the armor of a SWATbot, and took a direct laser
blast to the chest. Probability of survival in that situation." The computer
whirred for a full minute. During that minute, all Freedom Fighters regained a
small glimmer of hope.
     "Probability ninety four percent." the computer replied. Soft chatter
arose. Then, through the static, a voice could be heard.
     "Hey! Is anybody gonna answer me?" The voice, although faint, was
Sonic's. Everybody was ecstatic. Bunnie and Sally hugged Tails so hard, he
squeaked.
     "It's called playin' the percentages!" Felix yelled. Bookshire hobbled
back into the hut.
     "Sonic's alive!" Tails barked.
     "Oh my god..." Bookshire whispered. "Sonic!? You okay?"
     "I can't see!" Sonic exclaimed.
     "Computer, get the visual relay back on!" Bookshire commanded.
     "Tapping into auxiliary power. Ready." the computer chirped, and a fuzzy
picture emerged.
     "Where are you?" Bookshire asked.
     "Think I'm on a conveyer belt." Sonic replied. The high ceiling could be
seen passing over him.
     "What's that roar?" Bunnie asked. A low roar slowly got loud. Sonic
looked up, and saw the huge mouth of a blazing furnace.
     "Get up!" Bookshire yelled. Sonic rolled off the conveyer belt just as
his feet entered the oven. He hit the ground with a clang, but no new damage
resulted.
     "Oh! My head!" Sonic groaned. He took the head off. As he did, a full
view of Sonic was relayed. The entire front of Sonic's armor was either black
or blown off. Patches of blue and red could be seen.
     "You got to get back to Knothole, Sonic. Looks like your hurt, bad!"
Bookshire exclaimed. Sonic looked down, and saw his chest.
     "Oh, man..." Sonic whispered. He slipped the head back on.
     "Okay, I'm getting out of here. If you lose me again, it's because I'm
running. See you in a while." Sonic groaned. He stood up, in immense pain. The
bot hit him hard. He collapsed. "I gotta get this stuff off, Book. I'll see ya
back in Knothole." Sonic said. He took the head off, and placed it on the
ground. Then, he began to pull all the suit off. As he did, a Power Ring fell
to the ground. He had completely forgot about it. Bending over and seizing it,
a bright flash was relayed back to Bookshire's monitor, and nearly blinded all
watching. The Power Ring took all of Sonic's pain away. It rejuvenated him. He
felt better. Just before he took off in a blue streak, he stopped in front of
the head.
     "Power Rings. Good for what ails ya!" He said, and drop kicked the head
into the furnace. Everybody simultaneously breathed a sigh of relief that the
king was not dead. The Freedom Fighters got up and went outside to wait for
Sonic. It wasn't much of a wait. He blazed into town, and everybody greeted
him with a chant of "Long live the king."
     "Felix!" yelled Sonic.
     "Yes, your highness." Sonic wasn't in the mood to argue.
     "Can you make a really STRONG pain killer?" He asked.
     "Of course. Why?" Felix asked. Sonic looked in too good of a mood to be
in intense pain.
     "Because this Power Ring is about to wear off." Sonic said, smiling.
Felix trotted off to gather ingredients for a big batch of morphine.

- - - -

     Later that evening, everything was calm in Knothole. Sonic laid in bed
with a bandage around his entire torso, and his head. Only his ears stuck out.
He not only had laser burns, but acid burns on his body as well. He was doped
up on morphine. He was out of it. Sally walked into the bedroom.
     "Sonic..." Sally called softly.
     "Uh, yeah?" Sonic asked. He giggled a little afterwards.
     "I just want you to know...." Sally softly cooed as she sat on the edge
of Sonic's side of the bed.
     "Yes, my love?" Sonic said in drunken ease, smiling a ridiculous smile.
     "That if you EVER..." Sally exclaimed, grabbing him by the bandage
around his chest, and sitting him up. "do that AGAIN, you'll have more to
worry about than bots firing lasers at you!!" Sally yelled. Sonic's funny
expression flashed to serious. He looked her in the eyes, and laughed
intensely. Sally stood up, and walked away, throwing her hands in the air in
frustration.
     Meanwhile, Rotor and Bookshire started to look over the millions of
files Sonic stole on his mission.
     "What do you want to look at first?" Rotor asked, with a mouthful of
bologna sandwich.
     "How about..." Bookshire said slowly. "Escapees." Bookshire hit enter.
Up came a list of hundreds of names, with different numbers next to them. They
later determined that ones were alone when they escaped, and twos had been
sprung by Freedom Fighters. Bookshire cruised down the list, occasionally
saying "Oh, I know him." Before long, they hit a name they thought necessary
to print out.
     On the other side of Knothole, two figures with sabers were dueling. One
was a fox, the other, a black cat with an X over his heart. They both wore
fencing helmets.
     "En guard!" Antoine roared, and charged towards Felix. Felix quickly
swung at the sword being thrust at his heart, and deflected it to the side.
Antoine then caught Felix's sword with his, and twirled it around until it
flew from Felix's hand. He then hit his X, dead center, and the rapier bowed.
     "Dang!" Felix exclaimed, taking his helmet off. "No matter how many
times you kill me, it's still a pleasure."
     "Thank you, Meester Feellicks." Antoine replied. He still had problems
with the name. Felix went to retrieve his sword. It was stuck in a tree.
     "Antoine! Isn't there supposed to be safety tips on these!?" Felix
yelled in surprise.
     "There are. I just drove the saber in to the tree with enough force."
Antoine demonstrated. He took an offensive stance, and thrust the sword
completely through the tree. Felix grabbed his X.
     "Do not worry, I will not kill you really." Antoine assured. Felix
grabbed the handle of the sword, and pulled it out. Rotor came into the light
which the two dueled in.
     "En guard!" Felix exclaimed and slashed at the air in front of the
walrus. Rotor just blinked. He held a piece of paper.
     "This is for you." Rotor said, and handed the cat the piece of paper.
Felix accepted it, and unfolded it. On the paper were a list of names, with
Onyx Jinx, Dr. circled with black ink. The circle crossed over the number one.
     "Yeah, so?" Felix asked. Rotor looked surprised.
     "Well, didn't you read the whole thing?" Rotor asked. Felix examined the
paper, and one more fold remained. He decreased it, and looked at the top
line. It read FILE - ESCAPEES.TXT. Felix looked up at Rotor.
     "Does this mean what I think it means?" Felix asked.
     "If you think it means your mother isn't what Sonic was earlier." Felix
took it to mean that his mom wasn't a mindless robot. He jumped and shook
Rotor's hand.
     "Oh, thank you, Rotor! You are a SAINT! Ha, ha!" Felix trotted off,
whistling.
     "What was that all about for?" Antoine asked.
     "His mom escaped Robotropolis." Rotor answered.
     "Excellent! I am zo happy for Feelicks!" Antoine exclaimed. He went
inside to put the fencing equipment away. Rotor went back to Bookshire's hut.
Inside, he heard Felix standing on top of the roof of the dining hall, playing
instead of taps, the Mobian national anthem in a fast and cheerful mood. This
lightened every spirit in Knothole. After three times, and gratuitous
applause, Felix went to Tails's hut. Tails greeted him when he walked in.
     "Hey, Felix! What happened to taps?" Tails asked.
     "My mom wasn't captured by Packbell after all. I mean she escaped."
     "Way cool!" Tails barked. "Where is she?"
     "Well, I don't know." Felix answered back happily. He pinned the piece
of paper on the wall next to the top bunk.
     "Why are you so happy that you don't know where you mom is?" Tails
asked, concerned.
     "Well, I look at it this way." Felix explained. He sat on the top bunk,
and looked down at Tails. "My mom is either in Robotropolis, waiting to get
roboticized, or she's anywhere else, playing doctor. Now that I know option
one is out of the equation, I'm happy."
     "I would still want to know where my mom is." Tails said.
     "True, but I don't worry about it."
     "Felix..." Tails started.
     "Yeah?" Felix asked.
     "What was your mom like?" Tails asked. Felix jumped down off the bunk,
and told Tails about his mom and her life for hours. When Felix heard the
chronometer chime twelve times, he looked for a point to close the story. He
didn't have to. Tails had fallen fast asleep.
     "The end." Felix whispered. He turned out the light, and jumped up into
bed. He hummed quietly to himself the Mobian national anthem before drifting
into sleep.

- - - -
Chapter Six
Disaster in Knothole
by John Wainscott
- - - -
Timeline - The next morning.
- - - -

     Nothing. There was no light, but he could see himself. Noiseless,
weightless, but he was still standing. But what is he standing on? A chill
swept across his body. He wasn't thinking of anything but of where he was and
why he was there. He looked around for a second, but still nothing. Oddly
enough, he wasn't scared, but just curious.
     "Tails." A familiar voice spoke out from nowhere and the a long pause.
"Tails." The voice spoke again. He started to look around then realized who
the mysterious voice belonged to: Elrond Prower, his long-lost father.
     "Dad!" He yelled but nothing he said could be heard. A tall, silhouette
of a fox appeared five feet in front of him.
     "Tails." A light, from nowhere, illuminated Elrond's body, clearly
showing every single detail of his face.
     "DAD!" He yelled again, but was no longer in the nothingness, but on the
floor next to his bed wrapped in his blanket, sweating.
     "Tails, are you okay?" Sally asked as she came running in from outside.
Tails looked around, confused. "I heard you yelling." Tails stood up and
looked around the room. "You just had a bad dream." Sally sat him back on his
bed.
     "It wasn't a bad dream, I saw my dad." Sally sat down next to him.
     "You did?"
     "Yeah, but it was... weird. It wasn't like a dream. He was really there.
     "Where was this?" Sally became more curious.
     "Well... I'm not sure. I forget." Sonic walked in and saw Tails and
Sally.
     "Hi, guys. Wassup." Tails jumped up off of the bed and ran to Sonic.
     "Sonic! Can we go to the tunnels today? Like you promised!"
     "No prob! I'm leavin right now. Get your shoes on and lets juice!" Tails
put his shoes on and gave Sally a hug.
     "Bye, Aunt Sally!" Tails said as he took Sonic by the hand tugging him
out the door. Felix was still asleep.

- - - -

     "Hey, Rote! How's it commin?" Rotor was eating a candy bar and hid it
behind his back before Sonic could see it.
     "Oh, hey Sonic. I'm just finishing up on the descender." Rotor picked up
a wrench and tightened a bolt trying to look inconspicuous.
     "I'm gunna show Tails around for a while. Can he borrow your helmet?"
Rotor lifted the helmet off of his head and a handful of candy that had been
stashed under it fell to the ground. "Now, Rotor. What did Bunnie say?" Sonic
said as he crossed his arms and tapped his foot.
     "I know, I know." Rotor picked the candy up off of the ground and gave
it to Tails.
     "Thanks, Rotor!" Tails took the top off of the sucker and began eating
it.
     "Bunnie wanted you on a diet! Now we can't have you sneaking around her
back, can we?" Rotor pushed a button on a panel and a small train car pulled
up next to them. Tails took the helmet from Rotor and put it on.
     "See ya later." Tails happily barked.
     The train car started it's decent with a slight jolt and everything
slowly became darker as they rolled into the tunnel. Sonic reached for Tails'
helmet switching on a small light.
     "Whoa!" Tails was amazed. "And you come down here all the time?" Sonic
was sitting down with his hands behind his head relaxing.
     "Just every three days, that's when my shift is. Sit back and enjoy the
ride." Tails just stood there looking at the gigantic walls around him. After
about a three minute ride, the train car suddenly came to a stop, making Tails
fall down and hit his head with a muffled clang.
     "Wow, good thing I'm wearing a helmet!" Tails jumped out of the train
and started to explore. Before Tails could run out of reach, Sonic grabbed his
tails and stopped him.
     "Hold on, bro. It's kinda dangerous down here." Sonic pulled a thin
cable from the cart and clipped it to his belt. "These tunnles fork out. This
is so we can find out way back."
     "Why is everyone working in the tunnles?"
     "So we could use them for under-ground commuting. Packbell knows that
the Doomsday project took a dump before it finished, so he just left it
alone."
     "He doesn't know about these anymore?"
     "Guess not."
     Sonic and Tails walked around for about ten minutes before they heard
the music of a trumpet.
     "Felix!" Tails yelled. The trumpet stopped and a voice yelled back from
a dark tunnel.
     "Tails? Is that you!" Felix appeared out of the shadows and greeted
Tails and Sonic. "Hey, guys. What brings you down here, Sonic? Your shift is
tomorrow."
     "I know. I was just showin Tails around." Sonic and Felix looked at the
eager little fox.
     "Oh, cool. I just came down here to play my trumpet. The tunnels echo
everything so it sounds kinda like a symphony hall." Sonic, Tails, and Felix
continued with various conversations and tunnel explorations. This will
continue for a good five hours.

- - - -

     "I wonder what he looks like." Sally said as she sat down with Bunnie
sipping at a mug of hot chocolate.
     "Ya know, I never really thought about that. Ya wanna see if Nicole has
a picture of him somewhere?" Sally looked at Bunnie and then at Nicole sitting
on her desk.
     "Nicole, do you have any information on Elrond Prower of Bluebrook
Village?"
     "Yes, Sally."
     "Display a picture of him." In almost an instant, a hologram appeared of
Tails' dad in front of them.
     "Oh, he's so handsome!" Bunnie giggled.
     "He is. Sonic would be so jealous."
     Tails' dad, Elrond Prower, looked much like his son. He had big, blue
eyes, a perfect smile, and a long silky tail. It was no wonder where Tails got
his good looks.
     "I think I have a crush on him." Sally said as she looked into the
hologram's eyes.
     "How old is he?" Bunnie asked.
     "Thirty-two."
     "Are you thinkin of what I think you're thinkin about?"
     "No, of course not... I'm just curious."
     "Yeah, right. Nicole, is he still alive?"
     "Unknown. Elrond Prower was last seen at the destruction of Bluebrook
Village. No other information available to this date."
     "That's when we found Tails." Bunnie sat closer to Nicole and asked,
"What about his wife, Sarah?" Bunnie and Sally stared at Nicole and waited.
     "Sarah Prower, age thirty today. Last seen at the destruction of
Bluebrook Village. No other information available to this date." There were
two other people standing next to Elrond in the picture.
     "Nicole, who are the two other people standing next to him?"
     "Riff Underwood, village leader. Second person cannot be identified."
     "Is Riff still alive?"
     "Unknown." Sally closed the panel on Nicole and placed her back on the
desk.
     "Should we show Tails?" Asked Bunnie.
     "I'm not sure. He's been going through a lot lately."
     "So?"
     "...I guess."

- - - -

     Late that afternoon, Sonic and Tails got back from the tunnel tour and
was hungry.
     "Chili dog makings, and... ice." Sonic leaned back from the inside of
the refrigerator and looked at Tails waiting for an answer.
     "Duh! Lets have chili dogs." Sally and Bunnie walked in and saw Sonic
throw a couple of hot dogs in the microwave.
     "Hi Aunt Sally! Hi, Aunt Bunnie!"
     "Hi, Tails. Hi Sonic." Sally said as she walked over and kissed Sonic on
the cheek. "Um, Tails?" Sally hesitated.
     "About this morning, your dad..." Tails sat back down at the table and
looked at the queen. "...Bunnie and I did a little looking around and found a
picture of him."
     Tails' eyes widened as he jumped out of the chair.
     "Really!!! Where? Where is it? I wanna see it!!!" Sally and Bunnie were
a little relieved knowing that Tails was more enthusiastic over the situation
than they expected.
     "Nicole, display a picture of Elrond and Sarah Prower, full size." A
beam of light shot out of Nicole in front of Tails. A perfect hologram of his
parents stood before him as if they were really there. Tails was amazed, but
calmly walked towards them.
     "Mom... Dad..." Tails, forgetting that it was a hologram, jumped into
his mother's arms, and landed on the floor. The projection was just a still
picture of his parents and didn't react to him at all. Tails sat up and
started crying. Not because of the fall, but because of the sight of his
parents he hasn't seen in so many years. Bunnie sat next to him and put her
arm on his shoulder.
     "Are you okay, sugar?" Bunnie asked in an attempt to comfort him.
     "I don't know... it's just... that I haven't seen them for a long time."
Tails said as he tried to hold back his tears. The microwave beeped a few
times and Sonic pulled out the hot dogs.
     "Still up for some chili dogs, bro?" Tails shook his head and looked at
the hologram as it quickly faded away. Tails sat and looked at the ground as
several tears fell from his eyes.

- - - -

     A good twenty-minute flight away from Knothole in the Great Forest,
Tails is sitting under a fairly large tree in deep thought about his parents
and what fun games they've played when they were together. He laid down and
stared at the leaves blowing in the light wind directly above him.
     He thought about Bluebrook never being attacked. What would his mom and
dad be like today? But if the village was never attacked the relationship
between Sonic, Sally and everybody else in Knothole would have never existed?
Sonic would still just be stories that the traveling story teller would talk
to him about. Lots of other considerations passed through Tails' mind as the
hours passed.

- - - -

     "Hey, Mom, when's dad commin home?" Tails asked as he tugged at his
mother's skirt.
     "He should be back any time now, Tails. Why don't you go and wait for
him in your tree house again." Tails ran off and soon approached a tall oak
tree. He flew up to the entrance holding a water balloon in his hands that was
going to be used to surprise his dad with. After all, he did have scuba gear
on because he was working on some flooded underground water pumps.
     His tree house was like any kid's tree house, only that it didn't have a
ladder or rope. Only kids who could fly was allowed inside.
     After a few minutes of waiting, he finally heard someone coming. He
picked up the water balloon and held it out the window.
     "BOMBS AWAY!!!" Tails yelled as he saw his father walk by under him.
Hearing Tails, Elrond looked up and saw a small red dot get bigger, and bigger
and before he could really do anything about it, the water balloon hit him
dead-on in his face.
     "Tails!" He yelled as he shook his head dry.
     "Hi dad!" Tails descended from the tree landing in his father's arms.
     "You got me again! That's the second time this week." Tails gave him a
hug. "So, what do you want to do today, son?" Tails jumped down and grabbed
Elrond's hand.
     "I want to show you something!" Tails started running followed by his
dad.
     "Slow down! I'm getting too old for this!" Tails and Elrond stopped in
front of a large hole in the ground and stepped up for a closer look.
     "I found a cave! Can I inside?" Elrond grabbed Tails' arm and knelt down
beside him.
     "Did you go inside yet?" He asked in a nervous voice. Tails looked up to
him and wondered what was wrong.
     "No, why?" Elrond stood up with Tails and started running back to
Bluebrook with him in his arms. "What's wrong!"
     "That's one of Robotnick's tunnels!" Tails looked back and he began to
shiver.
     "Dad, I'm sorry!" He said nothing and continued running. By the time
they arrived back home, Sarah saw that they were both shaken.
     "Is everything all right, honey?" Sarah asked as she picked up Tails.
Tails hugged his mother and realized that she became much colder. Tails looked
up and everything was dark. He was laying under the tree and it was night
time.
     "Oh, no! It was a dream!" Tails stood up and looked around to confirm
that he was really in the forest. "Aunt Sally! Oh, man. I'm in it deep!" Tails
flew off for home and arrived in ten minutes. By the time he walked up to
Sonic and Sally's hut, he looked through a window and saw Miles asleep on the
bed, and Sonic and Sally pacing in circles with Julayla in her arms.
     "Tails, where are you?" Sally asked to herself. Tails looked at the
alarm clock next to the bed and saw that it was 2100 hours.
     "Ohmygosh." Tails sat down and started to think of an excuse to give to
Sally for him being gone for so long. After about a one-minute wait, which
seemed to last for eternity for him, he decided to just tell the truth. He
slowly stood up and walked inside.
     "Tails!" Sally put Julayla on the bed and hugged Tails. "Where were
you?" Sally angrily asked.
     "I fell asleep in the forest. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to stay away that
long." Tails wanted to try to get her in a better mood, but knew that it was
impossible at that point.
     "Go to bed." Sally turned around and picked Julayla up again. Tails
lowered his head and walked back to his hut. He opened the door and noticed
Felix sitting on his bed playing Doom II on his laptop computer.
     "Felix! What's that?" Tails looked at the blood-filled screen.
     "Tails!" Felix quickly closed the screen and set the computer aside.
     "Nothing, where have you been all this time?"
     "I got... lost in the Great Forest." Felix didn't believe him.
     "What are you talking about? You know this forest better than anybody in
Knothole, you couldn't have been lost. Where were you really?"
     "I fell asleep and didn't wake up until just a few minutes ago."
     "Were you tired?"
     "No."
     "Whyja fall asleep then?"
     "I don't know. I had a dream about my father though." Felix was
beginning to become more curious about his dream than his disappearance.
     "Oh. How come I've never heard you talk about him before." Tails sat on
his bed and began telling Felix about his life back in Bluebrook and his
parents. He also told him about the attack by Robotnick and how Sonic and
Sally found him. Felix understood.
     "Don't feel bad, I don't know where my mom is, and I've been looking her
for a year."
     "If only Aunt Sally knew what I was dreaming about. Maybe then she
wouldn't be so mad at me."
     "Is she that mad at you?" Tails shrugged his shoulders and nodded his
head, "Hey, why do you call her Aunt Sally anyway? She's not your real aunt,
is she?"
     "No." Tails looked like he was trying to remember something important
from a long time ago. "I forget why, but I think it's because she is like an
aunt to me. It's not like I can call her Mom, or anything like that."
     "I guess. Well, it's getting late. We gotta get to bed. Tails jumped
into bed and Felix put his computer away.
     "G'night Felix."
     "Good night, Tails." Felix fell asleep almost right away but Tails
wasn't tired. He turned against the wall and looked out the window at the
black sky. "I love you, Mom and Dad." He whispered and continued to look at
the stars..

- - - -

     Tails woke up to the sound of the Felix's trumpet coming from the center
of the village again. He sat up and shook his head. He was extremely tired
from last night.
     "Well, it is seven o'clock." Tails moaned. He put on his socks and shoes
and met everybody outside. Sally stood up on a large rock and announced a new
schedule change for tunnel maintenance.
     "Due to a small earthquake last night, we need to make sure no damage
was done to any of the tunnels. From now until further notice, nobody except
me and a selected few can enter. But right now, Sonic, Felix, Rotor and I have
to check for structural damage. There will be another meeting after we get
back. Dismissed." Sally jumped down and everybody went back to their huts for
breakfast.
     "Aunt Sally, about last night..." Sally turned to Tails and interrupted
him.
     "Tails, I'll talk to you about this later." Sally turned around and left
with Sonic and Felix. Tails was disappointed and left for his hut.

     Finishing his last chili dog, Tails put his plate in the sink and
everything slowly started to shake. Tails looked around and saw things fall
down from shelves and cupboards.
     "Felix!" Tails yelled and noticed he was alone. "The tunnel!" Tails ran
and flew for the entrance of the tunnel and saw that nobody was there.
     "Help!!!" Sonic screamed from inside. Tails was the only person there so
there was no choice but to grab a light and fly in.
     "Sonic! Where are you!" Everything was still shaking. "SONIC!!!" Sonic
didn't answer and Tails flew deeper into the dark. The earthquake slowly
stopped and everything became dusty and silent. It was hard for Tails to
breathe. The flash light emitted a ling cylinder of light through the dust.
"Sonic! I can't see!" There was still no answer and the walls started to flake
away. Tails didn't know what to do. Save Sonic, or save himself. Taking only
enough time to ponder his friendship with him, he darted deeper into the dark
tunnel.
     "Tails!" Sonic yelled in a weak voice. Tails could see Sonic's helmet
light coming from under the ground. Tails ran to the light and started
digging. The walls were caving in and Tails continued to dig. He was getting
nowhere.
     "SONIC!" Tails yelled as he started to cry. The walls finally fell and
caved in on top of them. "SONIC!!!" Tails kicked and screamed as Sally pulled
the blanket off of his head. Tails' eyes were still closed and didn't know
that he was still in his hut. Sally picked up Tails and sat on the bed. Tails
grabbed on to Sally and cried.
     "Tails! It's okay! I'm here now." Tails loosened his grip but continued
to cry.
     "Do you guys wanna be alone?" Felix asked as he looked under his bed to
see them. She nodded her head and Felix left.
     "It's okay, Tails. Everything's fine." Sally started singing to him and
Tails slowly stopped crying. "What happened Tails? Did you have another
nightmare?" Tails wiped his eyes and nodded his head. "Will it make you feel
better if you tell me about it?" Tails said nothing. "You'll be okay, Tails."

- - - -

     Everybody assembled in lines in the center of the village for an
announcement Sally was about to make. Sally jumped on to a large rock and
everybody silenced to listen to the queen. 
     "Due to a small earthquake last night, we need to make sure no damage
was done to any of the tunnels. From now until further notice, nobody except
me and a selected few can enter. But right now, Sonic, Felix, Rotor and I have
to check for structural damage. There will be another meeting after we get
back. Dismissed." Sally jumped down and everybody went back to their huts for
breakfast. Tails heard the announcement and remembered that it was exactly the
same one from his dream. Tails pinched his arm to make sure that this wasn't a
dream. He pinched himself pretty hard then rubbed his arm.
     "Aunt Sally! I need to talk to you!" Sally turned around and knelt in
front of Tails.
     "Tails, I'm busy. I'll talk to you after I get back." Sally stood up and
was pulled back down by Tails. "Why did you do that?" Sally was angered by
what Tails just did.
     "I need to talk to you right now!" Sally realized that what Tails had to
say was important so she let Sonic know she would catch up in a minute. Sally
stood up and walked with Tails for some privacy.
     "Okay, Tails. What's so important?"
     "I... I don't want you to go inside those tunnels today."
     "And why's that?" Tails looked at the ground.
     "Something bad's going to happen."
     "Like what?" There was a short pause.
     "...Something bad..."
     "Does this have anything to do with those dreams you've been having?"
Tails nodded his head.
     "I'm sure it's nothing."
     "NO!"
     "What?"
     "You know your announcement you made a minute ago?"
     "Yeah. What about it?"
     "That's what you said in my dream, word for word!" Sally became
concerned.
     "Then what happened after that?"
     "...The tunnels caved in... and... Sonic..."
     "Tails, all right. I'll have everyone wait, okay?" Tails gave Sally a
long hug and they both walked back to the small group of Freedom Fighters.
     "Lets go, Sal." Sonic put on a backpack, and Felix put on his helmet.
     "Change of plan guys. Were going to wait a couple of days before we
enter the tunnels." Tails looked at Sally and smiled.
     "Why? What's wrong?" Asked Rotor.
     "There might be some after shocks. It's too dangerous right now."
     "But..." Sonic whined.
     "That's final!" Sally walked off with Tails holding her hand.
     "Thanks, Aunt Sally."

- - - -

     That evening, Tails was sitting on his bed anxiously waiting for an
earthquake.
     "Well, Tails?" Yawned Sally.
     "Nothing happened today. Are you sure that's what happened in your
dream?"
     "YES!" Tails barked at Sally. "I'm sorry." Tails calmed back down.
     "That's okay. I know exactly what you're going through." Tails looked at
Sally. "When I was about your age, I had nightmares too." Tails began to feel
a little better.
     "You did?"
     "Yes, and they were scary too."
     "What did you do?"
     "Nothing. I just had to wait until they stopped, and that took months
for me to get over." Sally sat next to Tails on his bed.
     "What were they about?"
     "...My father." Tails lowered his head. "Every night... I had the same
dream over and over again. My father would be talking to Robotnick, like he
always did before the war. My father was so proud of him. He turns around to
get a map off of his desk, and, he pulls a pistol on him. Every night I woke
up in a puddle of sweat." Sally wiped a tear from her eye.
     "Last night, when I came home late,"
     "Yes?"
     "When I fell asleep in the forest, I had a dream about my parents... and
Bluebrook. It was like Robotnick never attacked that day you found me. Life
went on as it usually did. I played with my dad, my mom, I was even playing in
the tree house Dad made for me. When I woke up, I realized that it was just
another dream, and my parents were still gone." Tails hugged Sally and cried.

- - - -

     Bunnie and Rotor were in their hut doing exercises. Bunnie was doing
one-armed push-ups without the help of her robotic arm, and Rotor did a
push-up.
     "Forty-eight... forty-nine... fifty! How's it commin, sugar?"
     "Two--" Bunnie sat up and crossed her arms.
     "C'mon, you can do better than that!"
     "When do we eat?"
     "Is that all you think of? Food? That's why I put you on this little ole
diet." Bunnie patted Rotor's stomach and smiled.
     "Little!?" Whined Rotor.
     "Ready for sit-ups?"
     "No."
     "Come here."
     "No."
     "Rotor."
     "No."
     "Do you want to get rid of that gut, or what?"
     "...No."
     "Git over here!"

- - - -

     "So, Sal. What's with the hold up about the tunnels?"
     "It's a long story." Sonic leaned back in his chair and crossed his
arms.
     "I got all day."
     "Okay, but don't tell Tails I told you about this."
     "Huh?"
     "He's not real comfortable with what's going on."
     "I still don't get it."
     "Tails has been having nightmares about the tunnel caving in with
someone in it, and I just want to make him feel a little better knowing that
we're not going down there."
     "Can't we just go down there without him knowing?"
     "I promised him. As soon as he gets over these bad dreams, we'll get
started on the tunnels again, okay?"
     "Sure, I guess. But why didn't he tell me about this?"
     "I've thought about that. And the only thing I can think of is that
whenever a small child has a nightmare, he only cries for his mother. And at
this point, I have to fill in."

- - - -

     "Hey, Tails, wow's it goin?" Tails was sitting in the garden under a
tree playing with a fallen leaf and thinking.
     "Hi, Sonic." Tails said drily.
     "Whatcha doin?" Sonic walked up and sat in front of him.
     "Nothing."
     "Thinking about your dad?" Tails looked up at Sonic.
     "Yeah, how did you know?"
     "Well, ever since Sal showed you that picture the other day, you haven't
been yourself." Tails looked back down at the ground. "Hey, bud. You'll find
them one of these days." Tails crushed the leaf and looked at Sonic.
     "That's what everybody says!" Sonic was surprised at Tails' outburst.
     "Hey, sorry." Tails stood up and began walking away. Sonic got up and
caught up to him. "Hey, what's wrong?"
     "My family's gone and I'm never finding them again!" Tails flew away
into the dense forest.
     "You're right, Sal." Sonic said to himself.
     "These dreams are never going to stop." Tails whispered to himself as he
sat at the top of a tree.
     "What dreams?" Nina asked as she hung from her legs from a branch above
him.
     "Aah!" Tails screamed as he lost balance and fell. Instinctively, Tails
spun his tails and flew back to Nina. "Nina! What are you doing here?"
     "Just playin around. How did you find me?" Nina jumped down to the
branch Tails was sitting on.
     "I don't know. I wasn't even looking for you." Tails scratched his head.
     "Yeah, right. What are the chances of that happening?"
     "Ida know. Must have just been lucky. Hey, how did you get up here any
way? That's gotta be at least a hundred feet!"
     "I climbed."
     "Really?"
     "Yeah, robots have perfect balance." Nina stood at the end of a branch,
closed her eyes and held out her arms. "See?"
     "Don't do that!"
     "What?"
     "You'll fall."
     "No I won't."
     "Just... don't do that!"
     "Okay." Nina walked back to Tails and sat down. "Hey, what dreams were
you talking about?"
     "Nothing."
     "Why did you come all the way out here just to think about nothing?
     "Okay. I've been having dreams about my family."
     "Well, why don't you like them? I'd like to see my parents if they've
been lost for a long time."
     "No, it's not that. I've also been dreaming about the Doomsday tunnels.
I think someone's going to get hurt."
     "How?"
     "An earthquake. I don't want those tunnels caving in on anybody."
     "What makes you think an earthquake is going to happen?"
     "...I just do."
     "I hope you're wrong."
     "So do I."
     "I gotta go home now." Nina climbed down. Tails sat there for about an
hour then he left too.

- - - -

     "Hi, Tails." Greeted Felix as Tails walked into his hut.
     "Hey, Felix." Tails walked over to his bed and jumped in.
     "Bed time so soon?" It was only seven.
     "No, just tired."
     "Okay, good night." Felix turned back to his computer and continued
writing his story he's been writing for about a month. About an hour later, it
finally got dark, and Tails was sleeping with his pillow over his head.
     "Felix?" Whispered Sonic from outside the window.
     "Sonic, what's up?"
     "Can you do me a favor?"
     "Sure." Felix closed his computer and walked outside. "What do you
need?"
     "I need you to babysit while Sally and I go to Robotropolis and steal
some parts for Nicole."
     "Okay, Sonic." Felix smiled to himself and walked over to Sonic and
Sally's hut.
     "Felix, we'll only be gone for about two hours."
     "Okay." Sonic and Sally left the hut and ran into the darkness.
     "She forgot Nicole." Felix laughed and began playing with the babies.

- - - -

     "Uh, oh." Tails said as he stood inside the dark tunnel. "Now I know
this is a dream. What am I doing here?"
     "Tails." Tails' eyes widened and he turned around to see his dad.
     "Dad!" Tails ran up to him and jumped into his arms. Just as quick as it
took him to feel happy to see his dad, all of his emotions turned upside down.
"Too bad this is only a dream." Mumbled Tails.
     "Son, there is something I have to tell you." Elrond put Tails down.
"There is going to be an earthquake tomorrow and Sally is going to be down
here. You need to keep her out. If you don't, the earthquake will take her
life."
     "Aunt Sally? Why her?"
     "Just keep her out of the tunnel." Elrond turned around and began
walking away. Tails grabbed his father's arm and raised his voice.
     "Why Aunt Sally?!"
     "What about Sally?" Asked Felix. Tails sat up in his bed and looked
around.
     "Oh, great!" Tails ran to Sally's hut and pounded on the door. A few
seconds later, Sally opened it. She had the robe on that Tails gave to her for
a wedding present. Her hair was a mess and Sonic was still asleep in bed.
     "Tails? It's three in the morning."
     "Aunt Sally! Don't go down there today!"
     "What? Go down where?"
     "The tunnels."
     "Tails, I don't intend to. Did you have another one of those dreams
again?"
     "Yes. Are you sure you're not going down there today?"
     "Yes, I'm sure. Now get back too bed." Tails lowered his head and slowly
walked back home.
     "Felix, did I wake you up?"
     "Yes, but I'm sure you didn't mean to. Now lets get some sleep." Tails
went back to bed and Felix fell back to sleep immediately. Tails wasn't tired
anymore. Besides, even if he was, he wouldn't be able to sleep. He talked to
his dad. He didn't care if it was a dream or not, he met his dad again.

     The sunrise woke Felix up and he noticed Tails laying down staring at
the floor. He hasn't slept since he had that dream.
     "Tails, you still up?" Tails didn't respond. "Tails?"
     "Huh? Oh, yeah."
     "That's strange, you even went to bed early cause you were tired."
     "I know."
     "Why were you asking about Sally this morning?"
     "Oh, another dream." Tails looked back at the floor.
     "Was she in this one too?"
     "No, I don't really want to talk about it right now."
     "That's fine. I don't want to pry into anything."
     "Thanks." Felix grabbed his trumpet and walked outside.

- - - -

     Late that afternoon, Mindy and Jessica went to play with Nina by the
ring pool. After about a half hour, they got bored and decided to go
exploring. They walked towards the tunnel entrance and peeked inside.
     "I don't think you should go in there, Mindy." Nina said.
     "Oh, don't worry. I won't go far." Mindy stepped inside the tunnel.
     "Sally said no one's supposed to go down there." Before Mindy could
continue, she slipped on a small puddle of water and slid the entire way down.
She found herself in complete darkness.
     "Mindy!" Screamed Jessica.
     "Help me! I can't see anything!" Nina ran back to Sally's hut to get
help.
     "Sally! Mindy fell in the tunnel! Help her!" Sally jumped up from
reading a book and ran of with Nina.
     "What were you doing near the tunnels?"
     "We were just looking around. I didn't mean for this to happen." Sally
and Nina returned to the tunnel to hear Mindy scream in fear.
     "Hand me that rope!" Commanded Sally as she pointed to a long rope hung
on a door. "I'm here, Mindy! I'll be right down!"
     "Hurry! I'm afraid of the dark!" Sally quickly descended into the tunnel
completely forgetting about the promise she had made to Tails. Sally finally
reached Mindy and grabbed her. Before she could give her any instructions, the
ground began to tremble. Mindy screamed and Sally froze with fear.
     "Lets go!!!" Mindy and Sally quickly climbed for the top when Sally lost
her grip and slipped back down. "Keep going!"
     Tails felt the ground shake below him and heard someone scream. It was
by the tunnel. Without hesitation, Tails flew as fast as he could to see Nina,
Mindy, and Jessica pull the rope Sally held on to.
     "Aunt Sally!" Tails cried. He could see Sally come into the light when
the walls finally gave away and caved in on top of her. "NO!" The dirt buried
Sally alive. Tails, Nina, Jessica, and Mindy started to dig. Nina was the most
efficient digger because she was a robot and was a hundred times stronger than
any other ten year old kid. After three minutes of frantic digging, the
earthquake finally stopped. Nina uncovered Sally and pulled her out. She was
unconscious. Tails tried to shake her to wake her up, but nothing worked.
     "Get her to Bookshire!" All of the kids picked Sally up and ran her back
to the village.
     "HELP!!!" Sonic saw Sally being carried back and ran to help her. Sonic
said nothing because he couldn't find anything to say. They all ran to
Bookshire's hut and ran inside.
     "What's going on?" Sonic laid Sally on the bed and Bookshire hooked her
up to an assortment of medical computers. "How did this happen?" Yelled
Bookshire.
     "Aunt Sally was in the tunnel when it caved in!" Bookshire turned the
heart monitor on and got a flat line.
     "She has no pulse!" Sonic grabbed Sally's hand and shook her arm.
     "Come on Sally! Don't do this to me!"

- - - -

     "It isn't your fault, Tails." Bunnie sat down next to Tails outside
Bookshire's hut.
     "I could have been there."
     "You did what you could. Nothing could have been done."
     "I told her not to go down there."
     "She went down there to help your friends. If you didn't tell her about
those dreams you've been having, more people would have been down there."
     "I still could have been there."

- - - -

     "Sonic!" Sonic walked around the corner with Miles in one arm and a
dirty diaper in the other hand.
     "Yes?" Sonic faintly asked. He has gone through two days of babysitting
without Sally's help.
     "I'm done with this book, can you get me another one?" Sonic attempted
to smile.
     "Sure." Sonic put down Miles and walked into the bedroom. A few seconds
later, he walked out with a small, blue book and handed it to her.
     "I've already read this one." Sonic took the book back and got another
one for her. "This one too." Again, Sonic got another book for Sally and gave
it to her. "I've already read this one too." Sonic took the book back to the
bedroom and came out with a box full of books and placed it next to her and
walked outside. Just then, Tails walked in to see how Sally was doing.
     "Hi, Aunt Sally. Are you okay?" Sally dropped a book back into the box
and reached for Tails.
     "Oh, Tails! Come here!" Sally gave Tails a hug and Tails tried not to
touch her bandages. "I'm fine." Tails flew up to Sally and sat on her lap.
     "I was right, wasn't I?"
     "Yes, you were. You saved my life, Tails." Tails gave Sally another hug
and thought to himself,
     "No, my Dad did."

     The tunnels were turned into canyons by the earthquake, running between
many different villages in the great forest. There has been some after shocks,
but none that did any damage. Tails' dreams have stopped bothering him, and
received a metal from King Sonic for bravery. Mindy learned her lesson about
going into places she shouldn't be in, and Rotor's diet was a very slow one
that seemed to him to take forever. But it was finally a success. He lost four
pounds.

- - - -
Chapter Seven
Purple
by John Wainscott and Felix Jinx
- - - -
     
     It was a hot afternoon late summer in Knothole and Tails and Sonic
decided to go swim by the ring pool to cool off. The water was warm and
unusually calm. After about an hour of swimming, Tails got bored and was about
to go home.
     "Hey, Tails. Wanna do something cool?" Tails' face lit up.
     "Sure, just swimming is gettin kinda boring."
     "Sail me up about a hundred yards... and drop me."
     "WHAT?"
     "Over the water!"
     "Oh, I thought you lost your mind! Sounds fun." Sonic and Tails swam for
shore and Tails grabbed Sonic's hands. Tails flew up about a hundred and fifty
yards. He let go of him and Sonic began his decent. Sonic held his breath and
then realized that the fall was taking forever. He ran out of air in the
middle of the fall and took another deep breath. Finally, with a gigantic
splash, Sonic plunged into the lake. Tails followed right after him with a
splash a little smaller than Sonic's.
     "YES! That was EXCELLENT!" Sonic screamed, but he was alone.
     "Tails?" Tails was still under the surface. Sonic looked under the water
to see Tails right under him about to hit him. Before Sonic could move out of
the way, Tails hit Sonic before he surfaced.
     "Oops, sorry Sonic. Hey, let's do that again! That was fun." Sonic and
Tails got out of the lake and Tails shook himself dry. Tails grabbed Sonic's
hands and his tails began to spin.
     "Here we go." Tails yelled as he lifted Sonic off of the ground. Tails
didn't go as high as he did last time, but it was still fairly high.
     "Ready?" Tails asked.
     "Ready as I'll ever beeeeeeeeeeee!" Tails let Sonic go before he could
finish what he was saying. Tails accelerated down to catch up to Sonic while
he fell upside down.
     "Hello." Tails calmly greeted.
     "Ha ha! Good one!" Sonic laughed as he turned himself upside down to
mimic Tails.
     "Um, Sonic," Tails pointed at the lake. "Look up." Sonic looked at the
water above him and hit, hard. Tails landed with a perfect dive along side of
him. Tails and Sonic surfaced and shook their heads dry.
     "I thought you said you were ready!" Laughed Tails.
     "Ow, that hurt. I think I'm done for now." Sonic rubbed his head and
swam for the shore.
     "You okay?"
     "Yeah, I'll be fine. Just gotta sit down for a while."
     "Okay, I wanna do that again!" Tails flew back up about two hundred
yards this time and accelerated down faster than he did before. Sonic looked
at Tails as he shot down from the sky like a bullet. With a perfect dive, his
splash was surprisingly small for his speed.
     "YEAHHHHH!" Sonic yelled as he raised his fist in the air. Tails
surfaced, but wasn't his normal color. He was purple!
     "Tails?!?" Sonic looked at Tails as he shook his head dry.
     "What?------- Do I got a booger?" Sonic dropped his mouth and pointed at
him. Tails looked behind himself and back at Sonic thinking that he was
pointing at something else.
     "What!"
     "Y- y- you're-- PURPLE!" Tails looked at himself and yipped.
     "Eew! Yuck! Get it off me! Eew! Eew!" Tails tried to wash himself off,
but he remained purple. Tails swam out and shook himself off. He was a perfect
shade of purple. Every inch of his body was covered in the natural-looking
color.
     "What is this!" Sonic couldn't say anything. Sonic and Tails ran back to
Knothole to get Sally.
     "AUNT SALLY!" Tails opened the door to her hut and Sally saw him
standing at the door.
     "Can I help you?" Sally politely asked as she lowered her book that she
was reading.
     "Aunt Sally, it's me, Tails." Sally dropped her book and stood up. Sally
walked to Tails and knelt in front of him.
     "Tails! What happened to you?" Laughed Sally as she spun Tails to get a
better look at him. Sonic walked in scratching his head.
     "I'm purple!" Exclaimed Tails as he tugged at his fur.
     "Well yes, I can see that. What did you do to yourself?"
     "Nothing, honest! I was swimming in the lake with Sonic when I turned
PURPLE!" Sonic walked into the bedroom to get a camera without Tails noticing. 
     "Tails." Sonic said as he raised the camera up to his eye. Tails looked
up.
     "Huh?" Before he noticed Sonic with the camera, the flash blinded him.
     "Sonic! Why did you do that!" Barked Tails. Sally and Sonic laughed as
he attempted to grab the camera from Sonic.
     "I'm sorry, bro. Hey, some day, you're gunna laugh at this picture."
     "Bull!" Tails rudely grunted he before swung fist and hit Sonic in the
arm.
     "Hey!" Yelled Sonic. Tails crossed his arms and jumped in a rocking
chair.
     "Sonic, apologize." Sally grabbed Sonic's shoulder.
     "I'm sorry, Tails." Sonic placed the camera on the table in front of the
couch.
     "Tails, go and jump in the shower." Sally politely said as she lifted
Tails from the chair. Outside, Bunnie was walking to Sally's hut to say hi to
Miles and Julayla when she saw the purple fox walk into the bathroom.
     "Knock, knock! Can Ah come in?" Asked Bunnie as she leaned through the
open window.
     "Sure, c'mon in." Sonic opened the door and Bunnie walked in.
     "Sally girl, who was that cute fox who just walked in the john a second
ago? Is he new around here?"
     "Um, Bunnie, that was Tails." Bunnie put her hands on her mouth and let
out a quick, sudden laugh.
     "Are you serious?"
     "Dead serious." Sonic said as he picked up the camera from the table. He
pulled out the developed picture and presented it to Bunnie.
     "Oh mah stars! I think he looks good in purple." Bunnie handed the
picture back to Sonic and Sonic handed it to Sally. She also looked at it and
smiled.
     "To bad you're not gunna see him like that in person, he just jumped in
the shower." After Sally placed the picture on the table, the shower turned on
and the sound of the shower curtain could be heard being pulled closed.
     "Aw, darn it. What happened to him anyway?"
     "I dunno. He was swimming with me in the lake a few minutes ago, then he
turned purple." Bunnie didn't believe Sonic. Neither did Sally.
     "Quit foolin around, what REALLY happened?" Bunnie asked as she crossed
her arms.
     "No, really. I was there. Even ask Tails." Bunnie and Sally looked at
each other and looked back at Sonic. Sally walked to the bathroom and cracked
open the door. She saw a purple shadow of Tails through the curtain.
     "Tails, we'll be right back." Tails' purple head sprung out of one side
of the curtain.
     "Okay okay, out!" Sally closed the door and pulled out a small white
cloth from her dresser drawer.
     "Okay, Sonic, were going to the ring pool." Sally noticed Felix walking
by with a chili dog in his mouth and his trumpet in his hand.
     "Felix!" Felix turned around and saw Sally walk towards him.
     "Heeoh Hahrre. Wahffa ewwen?" Mumbled Felix.
     "That's rude, swallow that." Felix chewed a few more times and swallowed
the chili dog.
     "I'm sorry, what's up?"
     "I need you to watch the twins for a minute, they're taking their nap
right now so it won't be much trouble, okay?"
     "Sure. Where are you going?" Felix asked as they walked back to the hut.
     "To the ring pool, were going to see why Tails is purple." Felix shook
his head.
     "What?"
     "Tails is purple."
     "What, your not going to tell me what your going to do, are you?"
     "No, Tails is purple, it happened when he and Sonic were at the ring
pool."
     "Killer. Where is he?" Sally opened the door to the hut and they walked
in.
     "In the shower."
     "Bummer. I wanted to see him."
     "That you can see, Sonic took a picture of him." Sally picked the
picture up off of the table and handed it to Felix.
     "Whoa, cool!"
     "Thanks for watching the kids, we'll be right back."
     "Okay, your welcome." Felix placed the picture back on the table and
walked into the bedroom to check on Miles and Julayla. Miles was sleeping
while grabbing both of his ears and Julayla's tail was almost completely
healed. Felix wanted to talk to Tails, but he couldn't yell or go in.
     "Oh well." Felix sighed.

- - - -

     "Right there, from about three hundred feet." Sonic pointed to the
landing point in the water.
     "From that high up? That's dangerous!"
     "That's fun!"
     "You shouldn't have put him at risk like that, Sonic. But that's not
important right now." Sally pulled the white cloth out of her vest pocket and
dipped it in the water. It remained white.
     "Well?" Sally asked as she squeezed the cloth dry.
     "I don't know!"
     "You're not lying, are you?" Bunnie asked in disbelief.
     "Yes, I am. Tails and I decided to dye his hair and blame it on the
lake, of course I'm not lying! Lets go."

- - - -

     Back in Sally's hut, Miles started to wake up and Felix noticed that he
needed a new diaper, quick. Tails was still in the shower making no progress
cleaning the purple color off of his fur. Felix pulled the diaper off of Miles
and threw his head back in an attempt to avoid the horrible smell. Miles
laughed and kicked the diaper making a complete mess.
     "NOOOOOO! TAILS HURRY UP!!!" Felix's yell woke up Julayla and she
started crying.
     "Not you too." Felix attempted to clean the you-know-what off of Miles,
but the mess was just too big. The smell filled the entire hut and Julayla
cried even louder. Bunnie, Sonic and Sally walked in and ran into the bedroom.
     "A couple of minutes, huh?" Felix yelled with two safety pins sticking
out of his mouth. Sally ran to the bathroom door and pounded on it.
     "Hurry up, Tails!"
     "It won't come out!" Tails yelled.
     "Same here, Sally!" Sonic exclaimed as he waved his hand in front of his
face. Bunnie picked up Julayla and she slowly stopped crying. Miles was having
a blast and apparently was not affected by the strong smell. He kept kicking
and laughing making an even bigger mess.
     "Sonic! Hold him down!" Felix yelled.
     "Sally! Hold him down!" Sonic yelled.
     "SOMEBODY!" Sonic pulled out two cloth diapers from the dresser and put
one in each hand. He held Miles' arms down and turned his head away. Sally
pounded on the bathroom door again and yelled for Tails to get out. The shower
finally shut off and Tails walked out with a towel around his waist and he was
still urple. Sally grabbed Tails and pulled him out of the way and Felix ran
Miles into the bathroom.
     "Eew! What happened!" Tails asked as he held his nose.
     "Miles exploded." Sonic said as he wrapped up the crib's dirty sheets.
     "Oh, my gosh! You're adorable!" Bunnie grabbed Tails and turned him
around to get a better look at him.
     "Stop it! I don't like being purple!"
     "Did you use shampoo?" Sally asked as she picked up the safety pins.
     "I used the entire bottle."
     "SALLY! There's NO SHAMPOO!" Felix yelled from the bathroom.
     "What?! That was a new bottle!"
     "You smell good." Bunnie laughed.
     "Well, sorry! What else could I do?" Tails was becoming a little
irritated. Felix walked in with the empty bottle in his hand.
     "Felix," Bunnie giggled. "are you tired?"
     "No. why?"
     "You look pooped."

- - - -

     (later that night)

     "Tails, let me get a sample of your fur." Sally pulled a pair of
scissors from the desk drawer and cut a small bundle of fur from Tails' arm.
Sally placed the sample into the slot on top of Nicole and a read out of
chemicals instantly appeared in front of her.
     "Hey, Felix." Sonic chuckled as Felix walked in combing himself. 
     "Hi guys, hi Tails. Whoa--"
     "Don't - say - a word!" Barked Tails. Felix sat down at the dining room
table and smiled.
     "What's that?" Asked Felix as he pointed at a specific number out of
hundreds on the hologram.
     "Nicole, identify foreign substance."
     "Shampoo." Felix and Sonic laughed while Sally and Tails looked at them.
     "Nicole, is there anything on this sample except shampoo and Tails'
DNA?"
     "Affirmative, microscopic organisms, not related to shampoo and Miles
Prower, is detected."
     "Identify them." Nicole beeped and buzzed and finally came up with a
result: "Unknown."
     "What?" Tails yelled.
     "Hold on, Tails, Bookshire has a bigger encyclopedia on his computer.
Let's go see if he has anything on this."
     "Okay." Sally and Tails left for Bookshire's hut and Felix stayed
behind. Sonic had to leave because he had to do some cleaning in the dining
hall.
     Sally knocked on Bookshire's hut and there was no answer. She waited and
knocked again yelling his name.
     "He's not home. Lets go." Sally and Tails turned around and started back
when Bookshire's door flew open.
     "Sorry, Sally. I was talking with someone on my computer."
     "Oh okay. I need you to do something for me."
     "Sure, and whose this?"
     "TAILS!" Tails yelled with clinched fists.
     "Oh my. What happened?"
     "We don't know, that's why we came to you."
     "Um, okay, come on in." Bookshire, Sally and Tails walked in and
Bookshire had a video link with a female raccoon on his computer.
     "That was quick, Bookshire." Said the raccoon on the screen.
     "Well, whose this?" Sally asked.
     "My name is Erin Draftwood. And you're Queen Sally, right?"
     "Yes. Um, are you two-- married or something?"
     "Oh, no. Erin and I just happen to have the same last names."
     "How interesting."
     "Excuse me! Can you do ANYTHING with this, Bookshire?" Tails asked as he
tugged at his fur.
     "And this is Tails. He's not normally-- uh, purple, he's supposed to
be-- normal-colored." Tails was starting to loose his temper.
     "I'm sorry, Erin, I have to go now. I'll call you tomorrow, okay?"
     "Okay, honey." Erin blew Bookshire a kiss and the screen went blank.
     "Bookshire." Sally smiled.
     "What?" Bookshire asked as if nothing happened.
     "How long have you two..."
     "A week."
     "BOOKSHIRE!" Tails angrily yelled.
     "Okay, okay. What do you need, Sally?"
     "You're computer has a larger encyclopedia in biology, right?"
     "Um, I think so. Why, does it have something to do with unidentified
microscopic organisms coloring Tails' fur?" Bookshire asked sarcastically.
     "Yes."
     "--Oh." Sally pulled Nicole out of her vest pocket and handed it to
Bookshire. He plugged it into his computer and brought up an electronic
encyclopedia.
     "Nicole, is she on?" Sally nodded her head.
     "Nicole, upload data from Tails' sample to my computer, COM2."
     "Sending data. --- Transfer complete." Bookshire detached the cable and
handed Nicole back to Sally. Bookshire sat down in front of his computer and
began typing. Within seconds, a picture of a strange looking bug appeared on
Bookshire's monitor.
     "Okay, it says that the microorganisms on Tails is called Crostanthantic
Dothentarinitive Sahrenites', long name, huh?"
     "Why are they red?" Asked Tails as he was calmed down.
     "I don't know. It also says that they live at high altitudes. Were you
flying anywhere real high today?"
     "Yeah, I was swimming with Sonic today. I flew up real high with him and
we both dove a few times. The last time, I was doing it alone, and when I came
out of the water, I was purple." Bookshire scratched his chin and looked back
at his computer. Suddenly, he started typing and the bug on the screen became
purple after a few seconds.
     "What did you do?" Sally asked.
     "Well, I figured that there must be some relation to moisture, so I did
a hypothetical question thing on it and it worked. That's what happened when
you got wet. So, can you shampoo it out?"
     "No." Tails and Sally said in unison then looked at each other.
     "Well, hold on a sec, I think I got something that might help."
Bookshire pulled out a flimsy cardboard box out of his closet and began
digging around in it. He pulled out a glass bottle of thick blue jell and
handed it to Sally.
     "Is this what I think it is?" Sally asked as she held the bottle up to
the desk lamp.
     "Drondathol."
     "That's illegal!"
     "I know, I know. I only keep it in case of an emergency."
     "Like what?"
     "Well, this. The extremely high content of alcohol makes it a great
disinfectant." Sally looked back at him. "Don't worry, it's not like I was
going to spike punch with it or anything."
     "I don't know wether to thank you or arrest you."
     "Good luck." Sally and Tails thanked Bookshire and went back to her hut.
While Sally and Tails were gone, Bunnie took over baby sitting for Felix so he
could finish some computer work. Bunnie saw Sally walk in with Tails holding
the bottle of drondathol and gasped.
     "Sally! Is that what I think it is?" Bunnie asked as they walked through
the door.
     "Yes, I know it's illegal, but it's for Tails." Bunnie jumped up and
      ed the bottle away from Tails.
     "Are you crazy! That stuff will kill him!"
     "Calm down, Bunnie. Bookshire gave it to him to use as a shampoo. He's
not going to drink it, that would be stupid."
     "Oh my gosh! I'm sorry Tails." Bunnie apologized and handed the bottle
back to him. Tails jumped back into the shower and opened the bottle. Tails
caught a smell of the contents of the bottle and almost vomited.
     "Eew!!! This stuff stinks!"
     "Just hurry up, Tails." Sally yelled over the noise of the shower.
     "Remind me to beat up Bookshire later!" Tails said. Sally and Bunnie
laughed.

- - - -

     After a half hour, Tails was still in the shower.
     "Tails! Hurry up, honey!" Bunnie yelled. The shower shut off and Tails
stumbled out of the bathroom soaking wet and completely drunk.
     "Ie ran ou- oudda hot water. Hey! Iem still, uh blue, I mean
pur(hic)ple!" Tails attempted to say as clearly as possible, but his voice was
slurred almost to the point of incomprehension.
     "Tails!" Bunnie screamed.
     "Hey, wherja go? OH HI! There youar." Tails said as he laughed and
smacked Sally on the rear.
     "You didn't drink that stuff, did you?" Sally asked as she grabbed
Tails' shoulders and knelt in front of him.
     "Pikc a card." Tails mumbled as he held both of his tails in front of
his face.
     "TAILS!" Sally yelled. Tails peeked through his tails with his
blood-shot eyes and laughed. "Let me smell your breath!" He lowered his tails
and rubbed his nose. He looked into Sally's eyes and let out a long,
satisfying burp. Sally jumped back and hit the table behind her. It was more
than good, it was done with perfection.
     "That's impossible! I don't smell anything."
     "What on Mobius happened to him?" Bunnie asked as Sally grabbed a towel
from the bathroom and began drying him off.
     "I don't know, but I'm going to rip Bookshire's head off!"
     "Yeah... bite hhhis headdoff." Tails mumbled.
     "What? He didn't do anything!"
     "He shouldn't have had that drondathol!"
     "You shouldn't have used it on Tails!"
     "He shouldn't have given it to me!"
     "Well YOU shouldn't have taken it from him!" Bunnie and Sally angrily
looked at each other for about three seconds and then calmed back down. "Ah'm
sorry, Sally girl."
     "No, Bunnie. You're right, I shouldn't have put Tails at risk like
this." Sally had Tails in her arms and she looked at him and noticed he was
out cold. He was giggling and slowly spinning his tails in his sleep. Sally
carried him to her bed and laid him down.
     "Whar you taking me for to, for?" And Tails fell back to sleep. She
covered him up and kissed him on the forehead.
     "Maybe I should go now?" Bunnie asked. Sally nodded her head and Bunnie
left. When she closed the door behind her, she saw Sonic walking from the
dining hall with Charles.
     "Hey, Bunnie! How's it hangin?"
     "Um, Sugar hog, I don't think you should go in there right now. Tails...
isn't feelin like himself right now."
     "Why, what's wrong?" Bunnie started to become a little nervous.
     "Well... Tails was in the shower, and, he used something, given to him
by Bookshire, to use as a shampoo..."
     "So? What's wrong with that?" Charles asked.
     "He used... drondathol-"
     "WHAT?!?" Sonic and Charles ran into the hut to see Sally sit next to
the sleeping fox in the bed.
     "Sal! What happened!" Sally tried to hush Sonic to prevent him from
waking up Tails, but she was too late.
     "HI Splo-- Sk-- Sobbn-- Speedy!" Tails yelled after Sonic woke him up.
     "Tails, what happened to you, man!" Sonic picked Tails up and his head
kept falling back. Sonic sat Tails back down on the bed and he began flying
around the room in circles.
     "What did you do to him?" Sonic yelled as he looked at Sally.
     "I went over to Bookshire's and he thought drondathol would work to wash
the purple out of his fur." Sonic became extremely angry and started for
Bookshire's hut. Before he could leave the room, Sally grabbed his arm and
stopped him. "No, Sonic! It was my fault! I shouldn't have given it to him.
Bookshire didn't do anything!" Sonic stopped, but he was still mad at
Bookshire.
     "Weeeeee!" Tails yelled at he rammed his head into the wall. He fell to
the bed and laughed followed by a short burp.
     "Why, Sal? Why did you do this to him? He's only twelve years old!"
     "I didn't mean for this to happen, I even told him not to drink it. I
didn't smell anything on his breath, so I think it went through his skin or
something."
     "Do you wihsh to meet the kheeper of the cheese?"
     "--I'm going for a walk!" Sonic said in a stern voice and slammed the
door on his way out. Sally looked out of the window and saw him walk towards
the garden; away from Bookshire's.
     "Oh, Chuck, I don't know what to do with him. He's... he's..."
     "Drunk." Charles commented.
     "Tails, you're going to stay here tonight, okay?" Tails stood up on the
bed and pointed his finger at Sally.
     "I don't wanna talk to you no more you-- empty-headed animal food trough
wiper! I fart in your general direction, your mother was a hamster, and your
father smelt of elderberries!" Sally immediately slapped Tails on the side of
his face making him fall back on the bed. "Hey!" And Tails fell back to sleep.
He was also snoring pretty loudly. Sally placed him back to bed and Charles
gave her a hug and left.
     "I'm sorry, Tails." Sally whispered as she dimmed the light. Tails
continued to sleep with Sally sitting by the bed next to him.

- - - -

     "No way! A drunk purple twelve-year old fox? Drondathol? Really?" Bunnie
nodded her head. "Oh, man, is he okay?"
     "No, he's drunker than anybody I've ever seen." Rotor fell into his desk
chair and scratched his head. Bunnie grabbed her mug of hot chocolate and her
shaking hand spilled some of it on her right leg. "Oh! Look at me! I'm a
nervous wreck! I need a towel, quick." Rotor jumped up out of his chair and
ran into the kitchen. He grabbed a dish towel off of the refrigerator and
wiped Bunnie's leg off with it.
     "There, no harm done." And just after he said that, her leg began to
smoke. Rotor and Bunnie only noticed it when they smelled it.
     "ROTOR!"
     "OH MAN!" Rotor grabbed a screw driver out of his tool box and pried off
a panel on the outside of her leg. He reached his finger in and flipped a
switch shutting it down.
     "Ow! My leg's burnin up! TAKE IT OFF!!!" With Rotor's help, Bunnie
quickly removed her leg. Rotor almost burned his hands just touching it. She
dropped the leg on the floor next to the chair and froze.
     "What just happened? It's not supposed to do that."
     "I have no idea."
     "What? Your supposed to know everything about those king of things!"
Rotor blushed and looked back at the smoking limb.
     "I do, it's just that... I, I don't know." The leg cooled back down
enough so Rotor put it on his work bench. Rotor helped Bunnie sit down next to
him to help him see what was wrong with her leg. "Are you okay?"
     "Yeah, I'll be fine."
     "Are you sure?"
     "Yes, I'm okay." Rotor pulled off a larger panel from the leg and some
hot chocolate dripped out.
     "It does smell good." Rotor remarked hoping it would help take her mind
off of what happened to Tails. Bunnie smiled, but was still nervous. "You
didn't put the cable cover back on, did you?" Rotor asked as he pulled out a
small plastic object and held it up to Bunnie.
     "Oh... I guess I forgot." Rotor took the dish towel and wiped off the
inside of the leg and replaced the cable cover. The larger panel was put back
on and secured. "I don't know what I'd ever do without you." Bunnie remarked
before she kissed Rotor on the cheek.
     "Here, I'll help you with you're leg."
     "No thanks, honey. I need to do it myself so I wouldn't need help if I
were alone." Bunnie grabbed her leg and slid it off of the bench.
     "Okay." Bunnie pulled her leg up to her thigh and twisted it on making a
loud click. She reached her finger inside the small opening on her leg and
flipped it on.
     "Give it time to warm up."
     "I know that, Rote. You tell me that every time."
     "I do?" Bunnie only gave him a half-smile. "Oh. Do you think the color
will ever come out?"
     "No, I think he has to wait until he sheds next summer."
     "He just stopped shedding, too. It's around the end of summer now."
     "He really hates it too. I just hope he doesn't do anything stupid, like
shave himself."
     "Eew. I don't think he'd look any better bald either. Do you know where
he can get some hair dye?"
     "Not around here, but I hope he's okay."

- - - -

     At the ring pool, Sonic is sitting at the end of the dock thinking about
what had just happened to Tails. It was about ten in the evening and it was a
warm night. Sonic had his bare feet soaking in the warm water.
     "Why wasn't I there? I would have never let him near that stuff." Sonic
thought to himself. "What was she thinking? What was Book thinking? I'll never
forgive him for this." Sonic was filled with anger towards Bookshire and fear
for Tails.
     "Sonic?" Sonic looked behind himself to see Felix walk out of the
darkness.
     "Hey, Felix."
     "I heard about Tails."
     "You did? From who?"
     "Bookshire. He feels pretty upset about what happened to him." Felix sat
down next to Sonic. "Besides, you've been ten times drunker that before."
     "When!"
     "At your bachelor party."
     "How did you know that?"
     "Your Uncle Chuck told me a long time ago. You even threw up in Sally's
flowers!"
     "What? I don't remember that!"
     "...Exactly."
     "Oh, man. I'd better go check up on the little guy."
     "See ya." Sonic grabbed his shoes and walked back to the village. He
arrived at his hut and walked inside. "Sal?" There was no answer. Sonic walked
into the bedroom and noticed Sally sitting next to Tails. He was snoring
quietly as he slept. "Sally?" Sally turned around and wiped her nose with a
tissue. "Is he okay?"
     "I hope so. I'm sorry, Sonic." Sally stood up and hugged him.
     "No, it's okay. It's not your fault."
     "You're not going to do anything to Bookshire, are you?" Sonic paused
and sat down on the bed next to Tails.
     "No. But I'll never forgive him for this. What was he doing with that
stuff in the first place? He knew it was illegal."
     "I don't know. It's getting late, lets get to bed." Sally stood up and
walked over to the closet. She grabbed her night gown and put it on. Sonic
went to the bathroom and threw cold water on his face. Sally and Sonic laid
down next to Tails and closed their eyes.
     Tails' snoring kept them awake for about an hour. Before Sally was going
to try to do something about it, the snoring slowly quieted down and stopped.
Sonic and Sally sat up and looked at Tails. Sally's eyes widened and fear
struck her like a speeding truck.
     "He's not breathing. Get Bookshire!" Sally screamed, but Sonic wasn't
there. He was already at Bookshire's hut waking him up.
     "Get outta bed!" Before Bookshire could see anything, he felt himself
being dragged across the village at a great speed. When he stopped, he tried
to stand, but he was shoved inside Sonic's hut.
     "What's going on!" Bookshire yelled as he brushed himself off. Sally had
Tails in her arms and she walked him over to the dusty raccoon.
     "He's not breathing!" Sally cried. Bookshire immediately woke up and
took Tails from her.
     "How long?" Bookshire asked as he held his ear to Tails' nose.
     "Just now." Bookshire placed Tails on the bed and began giving him
artificial respiration. This continued for about ten seconds and Tails was
still laying lifeless on the bed.
     "I need to bring him to my hut." Sonic picked up Tails and ran him over
there. Sally helped Bookshire walk to his hut because he didn't have his cane
at the time. Sonic suddenly came into view and grabbed Bookshire and dragged
him the entire distance back.
     "I'm really starting to get tired of that, Sonic!" Bookshire stood up
and adjusted Tails on his bed. Sonic shot back inside with Sally in his arms
and gently lowered her to the floor. Bookshire plugged Tails into various
computers and the distinct beep of the heart monitor came on.
     "Oh, thank you!" Sally whispered as she grabbed Sonic's trembling hand.
Bookshire opened Tails' mouth and looked for anything blocking his airway.
Tails suddenly jumped up and began coughing.
     "TAILS!" Sonic screamed. Tails held his head and began crying. Sonic
lifted Tails off of the bed and gave him a long hug. Sally walked up to Sonic
and Tails and gave them both a hug.
     "Tails, you scared me half to death." Sally cried. Tails was still
drunk, but he understood what was going on. By the end of the ordeal, Tails
was back to sleep in Bookshire's hut and Sally was sitting next to him, Sonic
was back in his hut thinking about Tails, and Bookshire began fixing his door.
Not too much damage was done to it, the door was kicked in by Sonic and the
door knob was just bent up really bad. It was easily replaced. Tails was
stable and was now getting a good-nights rest.

- - - -

     "Aunt Sally." Tails moaned as he awakened from a dreamless sleep.
     "Tails? How are you feeling? Are you okay? Bookshire!" Tails grabbed his
head and sat up.
     "My head!" Tails had a pounding headache; he was hung over, bad.
     "Sally?" Bookshire groaned as he crawled out of bed. "Is he awake?"
Sally smiled and nodded her head. "Great, I'll get Sonic." Sally grabbed his
arm stopping him before he reached the door.
     "I think I'd better. He's a little upset with you."
     "Oh, yeah. I've noticed." As Sally opened the door, the sun beamed in
striking Tails right on his face.
     "Aaargh! Close the door!!!" Tails was blinded by the morning sun, even
though it was almost noon. Sally jumped outside and quickly closed the door
behind her. She laughed to herself,
     "He's all grown up."

     Sally reached for the door to her hut and knocked as she slowly opened
it. Sonic was sitting at the kitchen table with his head in his arms
     "Sonic? Tails is up." When he heard Sally come in and tell him of Tails'
condition, his face lit up and he jumped to his feet.
     "Excellent!" Sonic yelled as he grabbed Sally's arm and ran back to
Bookshire's hut. Bookshire was giving Tails some aspirin when he saw Sonic
walk in with Sally.
     "Hello- Bookshire." Sonic grunted.
     "Um, hi, Sonic." Bookshire mumbled as he lowered his head and looked
back at Tails.
     "Sonic, my head hurts." Tails moaned. Sonic ran up to Tails and gave him
a hug. "What's that for?" Tails asked.
     "Your okay!"
     "No I'm not! My head hurts. What happened to me?"
     "Tails, do you remember what happened to you last night?" Sally asked.
     "No... the last thing I remember was when I was in the shower yesterday.
Did I fall, or something?"
     "Tails, there's something I have to ask you. Remember that stuff
Bookshire gave to you yesterday?"
     "Yeah, that shampoo?"
     "Yes, did you drink any of it?"
     "Heck no! Why would I want to drink that stuff for? It smelled bad."
     "I think it seeped through the pores in your skin." Bookshire said.
     "What do you mean?" Tails asked.
     "Do you know what drondathol is?"
     "No."
     "That was that stuff Bookshire gave to you. It's a real strong liquor
and somehow, it intoxicated you."
     "I was drunk?"
     "Yes, you were also very sick, and Bookshire saved your life."
     "He did? Whoa." Bookshire just looked up and smiled. "What happened?"
Sally walked up to Tails and sat down next to him.
     "You stopped breathing last night, that's when we brought you here."
Bookshire stood up and requested Sally and Sonic to leave so Tails could get
some rest.
     "Hey, Book, I wanna talk to you outside." Sonic said in an angry voice.
     "Try to get some rest, Tails." Bookshire said as the three of them
walked outside.
     "Hey, Sal. Book and I want to have a private little conversation. Can
you go on ahead?" Sonic asked in a low, but firm voice.
     "Sonic, please."
     "I just want to talk to him." Sally didn't believe him, but she walked
back home anyway.
     "So, Book," Sonic said angrily. "what made you think you can give
drondathol to a little kid anyway?"
     "Look, Sonic, I didn't know-"
     "You didn't know what? You didn't know you were giving a little twelve
year-old kid liquor?"
     "No! Sonic, listen!"
     "That stuff is illegal! I should arrest you right now!"
     "SONIC! I was only trying to help him!"
     "You should have came to me first!"
     "Then why the hell did I save his life then? If I didn't care about him,
I wouldn't have done a damn thing for him in the first place! I know I've made
a mistake, and I regret that! Tails is in therebecause of me, and if you think
that I don't care for him, you've made a bigger mistake than I!" Sonic was at
a loss of words and just stood there in front of Bookshire. "Are you
finished!" Bookshire yelled. Sonic said nothing so Bookshire turned around and
slammed the door on his way inside his hut.
     "AAAHHHH! BOOKSHIRE!!!" Tails yelled as he grabbed his head.
     "Tails! I'm sorry!"
     "MY HEAD!" Bookshire ran into the kitchen and prepared an ice bag for
Tails.
     "Hold on!" As Bookshire screwed the cap on, he ran back to Tails. Tails
had his head buried face-down in the pillow and he was grabbing the back of
his head. "Take this." Tails turned around and took the ice bag from him and
placed it on his forehead and eyes. He enjoyed the cold bag on his face. It
made the pain go down a little.
     "You really saved my life?" Tails asked.
     "Yeah, Sonic and Sally were really worried about you."
     "I owe you one."
     "That's okay. Everybody ends up saving someone else's life somehow
anyway." Tails lifted the ice bag from his eyes and looked at Bookshire. "Get
some rest."

     Sonic slowly walked back to his hut thinking about what Bookshire said.
He kicked rocks on his way home and thought about Miles and Julayla. He
thought about what would happen to him if anything happened to his only
children. A feeling of deprivation consumed him at the thought.
     "What did you do?" Sally frantically asked as she saw Sonic walk through
the door.
     "Nothin. You were right."
     "What?"
     "It wasn't anyone's fault. It was just an unavoidable situation."
     "Sonic, I'm surprised. You finally believed Bookshire." Sally gave Sonic
a kiss on the cheek and walked into the bedroom to check on the twins.
     "I love you, Sally."
     "I love you too, Sonic."

     Back at Bookshire's hut, Tails had fallen back to sleep, and Bookshire
setup his computer for a link to Erin Draftwood. Bookshire put headphones on
so he wouldn't disturb Tails. The screen went blank, and Erin's face appeared
a second later.
     "Well, hello there, Book! How are you doing?" Erin asked as she smiled
at Bookshire.
     "Hi, Erin." Bookshire said as he smiled back.
     "Is there something wrong?"
     "How did you know?"
     "I could see it in your smile. It looked like you were hiding
something."
     "I would never hide anything from you, you know that."
     "Then what's wrong?"
     "...You remember Tails, right?"
     "Yes, did anything happen to him?"
     "Yeah, but he's okay now. Last night, when Sally and Tails came in, she
asked me if I could find a way to get the purple color out."
     "What did you do for him?"
     "Are you familiar with drondathol?"
     "Oh, no. Is there any reason why I should be worried?"
     "He... used it as a shampoo because of it's cleaning ability and it must
have gone through his skin and intoxicated him."
     "You gave it to him?"
     "Yes, but I didn't know that this would happen. He was also sick, and...
he almost... almost died because of me." Bookshire's vision began to blur from
the tears filling his eyes.
     "Oh, Bookshire. How could you do such a thing?"
     "I never knew this would happen to him. If I did, I would never have
even considered it. Please don't hate me for this."
     "I don't know what to think."
     "I would never do anything to hurt him! Don't you believe me?"
     "I'll talk to you tomorrow. Goodbye." Erin pressed a key on her computer
and Bookshire's monitor went blank. He yanked off the headphones and threw
them on his keyboard. Tails looked up and noticed Bookshire wiping his eyes.
     "I'm sorry, Tails. Did I wake you up?"
     "No, I heard what you were saying." Bookshire only looked back at his
computer.
     "Tails, do you blame me?"
     "No."
     "But I almost killed you." Bookshire said as he looked back up at Tails.
     "I know... but you did save my life, and that's what counts."
     "...Thank you, Tails." Tails turned his head and laid back down. Within
a few seconds, he was back to sleep. Bookshire stood up and walked to the
door. "No matter what anybody thinks, I will always care for you." Bookshire
opened the door and walked out. He went for a walk and didn't plan on how long
he was going to be out. He strolled through the Great Forest and passed by the
Ring Pool.
     After about an hour, he realized that he should get back to tend to
Tails. He headed back to his hut and walked inside. Tails was still asleep and
was getting better as the time went by.
     "I wonder what Sonic's doing. I'd better not bother him." Bookshire
commented to himself. There was nothing else to do around the hut, the place
was clean, no work to do, and all he was waiting on was Tails to recover. With
all of the free time he had, he decided to write Erin a letter.

Dear Erin,
     I'm not a horrible person who enjoys killing children. Just to let you
know that I make good judgements, not saying that my recent mistake was, I
feel that I should tell you what happened and then let you decide about me.
     Yesterday afternoon, Sonic and Tails went swimming by the Ring Pool.
Tails became infested with a harmless microorganism called Crostanthantic
Dothentarinitive Sahrenites and wasn't able to shampoo it out. Sally and Tails
came to me to see if I could help, so I gave them drondathol to use as a
shampoo. I only did this because it was an excellent disinfectant and there
was nothing else to try. I knew that it contained highly concentrated alcohol
and didn't know that it would affect him in any way.

     I've never seen a case where anybody became intoxicated through the skin
and I believe that this is the first case in history.
     Tails did become sick as a result, and I'm in deep regret because of
this. If I knew that this would happen to him, I wouldn't have even brought it
up.
     You know I love you and I wouldn't hurt anyone. I practice medicine
because I care for other people. I wanted to help Tails and I wish that none
of this had never happened. Please call me after you read this.

     Love,
     Bookshire Draftwood.

     Bookshire sent the letter to Erin's computer and shut the monitor off.
Ten minutes later, his computer beeped. Bookshire looked up at it. It beeped
again. Bookshire turned on the monitor. After a few seconds, the message
<incoming transmission> slowly faded on. Bookshire took a deep breath and hit
a key making Erin Draftwood appear before him. Erin looked up and smiled.
     "I got your letter."
     "Do you believe me now?" Bookshire asked.
     "Yes. You were trying to help and you've created medical history in the
process." Bookshire only looked down and smiled.
     "Can I ask you something, Erin?"
     "Of course you can."
     "Will you go out to dinner with me?" Erin was shocked at hear him ask
such a question.
     "What!? I live seven hundred miles from Knothole!"
     "I'll find a way. I would do anything to meet you in person."
     "Are you serious? You would do that for me?"
     "I would do anything for you."
     "What a surprise!"
     "How's the night after tomorrow sound?"
     "Sounds perfect."
     "Great, I'll leave as soon as Tails recovers. He has a hangover."
     "Oh, great, a kid with a hangover."
     "I'll see you then. Goodbye."
     "Goodbye, Bookshire. I love you."
     "I love you too." Bookshire pressed a key and the transmission ended.
"Yes!" Bookshire whispered to himself.

- - - -

     That evening, Sonic and Tails were eating in Sonic's living room. "Chili
dog, extra chili?" Sonic asked as he held one up in front of Tails.
     "Breakfast of Champions!" Tails happily barked.
     "Breakfast? More like dinner."
     "Dinner for you, breakfast for me. I haven't eaten all day, I'm
starved!" Tails ate one chili dog after another. Within five minutes, he had
eaten eight of them. Tails let out a loud burp and wiped his mouth. "Thanks,
Sonic. That was great." Sonic was surprised at the amount of chili dogs he had
eaten. He declared it to be a new record. "I'll be right back, I gotta go."
     "Where?" Tails walked into the bathroom and closed the door. "Oh." Sonic
quietly said to himself.

- - - -

     "I've figured that if I leave at nine and drive at seventy miles an
hour, I'll be in Namrock Village at about eight o'clock. Does that sound okay,
ole buddy, ole pall?" Rotor thought and scratched his head thinking wether to
let Bookshire borrow his hover craft or not.
     "What about Packbell?"
     "No problem, I've got a long-range radar link. I'd be able to pinpoint
him coming from fifty miles away."
     "Well..."
     "Oh please please please please!" Bookshire begged as he knelt in front
of Rotor (which wasn't easy to do).
     "Okay, but make sure you bring it back with a full tank, okay?"
     "Oh thank you, Rotor! You don't know how much this means to me."
Bookshire graciously thanked Rotor and went back to his hut to prepare for the
long trip ahead of him.

     "I leave in two days." He walked inside and placed his cane by the door.
Bookshire packed food rations and Black Mobian Wine for Erin. He had found a
rose bush on his walk that afternoon and planned to pick some when he leaves.

     "Okay, water, food, music for Erin, radar receiver... and that should be
it. That was simple." Before too long, he had all of his supplies neatly
stacked in the corner waiting to be taken for the long trip across the Great
Desert. There was now nothing to do. The supplies were ready, Tails was okay,
the hover craft was ready... he had to wait as the hours were about to slowly
creep by.

- - - -

     Boredom. Absolute boredom. The waiting was torture. He tried to keep
himself occupied by sorting all 271 of his blank disks by density and color.
After that, he manually defragmented his hard drive. He did it this way only
because it took a lot of time to do. That took about three hours, making the
time about eight o'clock in the evening when he finished.
     "I guess I can take a shower. I'm still dusty." Bookshire laughed to
himself. He got walked into the bathroom and turned the shower on. He got
undressed and jumped in. "Ah, man! That feels great." It was a hot summer
evening, but he liked hot showers no matter the temperature. He spent about
half an hour soaking in the shower before the hot water ran out, so he turned
it off and went to bed.

- - - -

     6:58 AM. The morning sun, once again, harshly beamed down on Felix's
face.
     "I've GOTTA move this bed." He moaned to himself as he sat up and picked
the flaky eye boogers out of his eyes. "Tails, wake up." Tails only looked up
and replanted his head into his pillow.
     "Mmnph." Felix jumped down from the top bunk and grabbed his trumpet
from the table. He walked back to Tails and leaned over his head with the
trumpet pressed against his lips. With a slight hiss of air, a fart-like tone
crawled out of the bell and quickly caught Tails' attention. "That's gross!"
Tails whined as he blindly swung his hand in Felix's general direction. Tails
pulled the blanket over his head and tucked it under him.
     "Get up, crayon-boy!" Felix playfully yelled like a drill sergeant.
     "Go away!" Tails was being lazy and Felix knew it.
     "Ya know what? I've been meaning to do this for a long time..." Tails
considered uncovering his head to see what Felix was about to do. Felix walked
up to the end of the bed and grasped onto the sides of it. "Ready?" Felix
asked in anticipation.
     "Uh-" Before Tails could answer, Felix pulled the bunk bed across the
floor resulting in violent shaking.
     "I'M UP! I'M UP!" Tails yelled as he jumped out of the moving bed. Felix
slid the bed in place against the wall next to the desk away from the beam of
sun.
     "There we go." Felix happily said as he crossed his arms and admired his
work.
     "What are you doing?" Tails asked angrily. It's not every day your
roommate comes and rearranges your furniture without your permission.
     "I've wanted to do that ever since the first time the sun woke me up
like that. Alarm clocks don't bother me that much, so we'll use one of those
instead." Tails was about to continue the argument when Felix noticed
something different with Tails' mouth. "Tails, come here." Tails didn't say
anything and walked up to Felix.
     "What?"
     "Your mouth..." Tails wiped his mouth and didn't feel anything on it. He
opened the bathroom door and looked in the mirror.
     "What- the-" Tails' mouth was not purple anymore. His original fur color
bordered his lips. Tails climbed onto the sink and leaned closer to the
mirror. He ran his fingers through the thin fur around his mouth and examined
it thoroughly. Why his lips and only his lips? All he could do is run outside
and get Sally.

     "Aunt Sally! Aunt Sally!" Tails yelled as he pounded on the front door
of the queen's hut. Within a short few seconds, the door opened with a slight
creak.
     "What is it, Tails?" Sally tiredly asked with her eyes barely open. She
was still asleep at the time.
     "Look what happened to my mouth!" Sally leaned down to look at Tails'
lips and at the sight of the purple's absence, Sally became completely awake
and gasped at the sight of it.
     "Tails! How did you get it out?!"
     "I don't know, Felix first noticed it."
     "When?"
     "Just now, when he woke me up."
     "That's great, now all we have to do is find out how you did it."
     "Cool!" Tails ran back to his hut and Sally informed Sonic of Tails'
color situation. Sonic was surprised and wanted to see him.
     "He just went back to his hut."

     "Do you drool in your sleep? Maybe your spit cleaned it off." Felix
commented.
     "No, I don't think so, then I'd have a streak going down the side of my
face."
     "Oh. How about toothpaste?"
     "Good idea!" Tails ran back into his bathroom and grabbed the tube of
toothpaste. He unscrewed the lid and squeezed it in his hair. The toothpaste
was spread on his entire head and then was rinsed off. Nothing.
     "...Maybe it has to sit a while." Tails spread more toothpaste in his
hair and let it sit.
     "So... how long?" Tails asked.
     "Ida know. Same amount of time it takes you to brush your teeth?"
     "Okay." Tails waited about two minutes rubbing the toothpaste deeper
into his fur on his head. Sonic and Sally walked in and noticed Tails with a
headful of toothpaste and Felix standing next to him watching.
     "So you think that's what did it?" Sally asked in a confused tone.
     "I think it was toothpaste that cleaned this stuff off." Tails said as
if he was high on caffeine. He rinsed it off and his head remained purple.
Tails became disappointed and dried off. "Aw man. What else could it have
been?" Tails asked.

- - - -

     That afternoon, Tails walked out of his hut wearing a large, floppy hat,
a red shirt, long, green pants and sun glasses. He was almost completely
covered in clothing. He walked into the dining hall for lunch with a crowd of
Freedom Fighters. Everybody was looking at him and wondered why he was acting
so strange. Tails just walked by normally like he always had before the purple
accident and arrived at the table where Sonic and Rotor were sitting and sat
next to them.
     "Hi, guys." Sonic and Rotor looked at each other and back at Tails.
     "Anything wrong?" Sonic asked.
     "No, why?" Tails looked very silly with those clothes on like that.
     "It's ninety-eight degrees outside! Why on Mobius are you dressed like
that?" Sonic asked in a surprised voice. Tails finally showed that he was not,
at all, comfortable with what he was wearing.
     "Okay, it was a dumb idea anyway." Tails said as he pulled off his hat,
shirt, and sun glasses.
     "I bet all of Knothole knows about this so it's no use then, huh?"
     "Hia, cutey." Bunnie giggled as she walked by. Tails threw his head on
the table in embarrassment.
     "Aw, c'mon. You look good in purple." Bunnie complimented.
     "No I don't!" Tails barked. "I HATE it!"
     "Well get used to it, Tails. Until next summer, it looks like you're
stayin like this unless you find a way to get that stuff off." Rotor said.
     "Yeah, it's late summer now, and I think you just got done shedding."
Tails picked up a chili dog and took a bite. It was spicy, but not too spicy.
Tails' nose started to run so he grabbed a napkin and wiped it.
     "A little spicy for ya?" Tails only shook his head and kept chewing. He
thought to himself that maybe he shouldn't have taken such a big bite. A bean
fell out of his mouth because the lack of room and landed on his chest. Tails
wiped it up with the napkin and put it back on the table. But at least it
tasted good when he swallowed.
     "I wish everyone would stop bugging me about this." Just after Tails
said that, Nina walked up holding a plate of chili dogs and sat down next to
him.
     "Hi, Tails." Nina politely greeted him.
     "Well at least not everybody makes fun of me." Nina was just about to
make a comment about his color, but decided that it wasn't a good time.
     "Want to play capture the flag today? Sally's teaching everyone in about
an later."
     "Wow, really? Cool!" Sonic smiled at the thought of that game. It
brought back many wonderful memories. The day he discovered the Power Ring,
when he met Robotnick, when he returned to his favorite playground, even when
it was destroyed, and the first time he kissed Sally. 
     Sonic finally realized that he was spacing out when Rotor began waving
his hand in front of his eyes. Nina and Tails giggled and Sonic tried to look
cool about it.
     "You okay?" Rotor asked.
     "Yeah, I gotta go. See ya later, guys."
     "Where are you going?"
     "Going to talk to Sal."
     "Bye." Tails mumbled with another bite of a chili dog in his mouth.

- - - -

     "Sal? You in here?"
     "Yes, Sonic. Come here, I want to show you something." Sonic walked into
the bedroom and saw Sally sitting inside the closet.
     "What's up?"
     "Come here." Sally patted the floor next to her and Sonic sat down.
"Remember this?" Sally asked as she presented him with a small note. Sonic
opened it and read it. Within a second, Sonic smiled and let out a small
laugh.
     "I gave this to you when I was ten years old."
     "Nina asked about capture the flag earlier today and it brought back
some old memories."
     "Same here. That's where we first kissed." Sonic and Sally smiled and
looked into each other's eyes. Sonic leaned over to Sally and kissed her on
the cheek. As a result, they both fell back into the closet and laughed.
     "I love you, Queen Sally."
     "Well I love you too, King Sonic." Sonic and Sally kissed once again and
smiled.
     "I thought I told you not to call me king." Sonic said and smiled.
     "Live with it, king." Sally replied and began looking around in the box
of pictures again.

     "These are some things from my childhood I've saved over the years, and
I've brought them out when Bunnie brought up Capture the Flag." Sally picked
up the box and walked over to the bed with Sonic following. Sally and Sonic
sat down and fingered through the box. Sally pulled out a picture and all
happy emotions were drained from her body as she looked at it.
     "What is it?" Sally's eyes began to fill with tears.
     "It's me and Daddy. Julayla took this picture of us when I was three."
Sally handed the picture to Sonic and he looked at it. The same emotions began
to run through his body as well. Nothing was said for about five minutes
during the viewing of many other pictures of her father, Julayla, and Rosie
until the sound of someone knocking at the door broke the silence.
     "Yes? Who is it?" Sally asked as she wiped her nose with a tissue.
     "It's me, Bookshire. Am I intruding?"
     "No, come in." Sally hidden all of her emotions from him with a broad
smile.
     "I just wanted to apologize... for what happened to Tails yesterday."
Sonic stood up, smiled and walked to him.
     "Look, Book, I think I'm the one who should apologize." Sally was
somewhat surprised at what Sonic just said.
     "Sonic? You? Apologize!?"
     "No, Sonic. I shouldn't have even had that drondathol."
     "That's okay, Book. I overreacted. I care for Tails as much as I care
for Sally and my kids." Sally was even more surprised. Last night, Sonic said
he was going to rip his head off. Now he's apologizing!
     "Sonic, are you feeling okay?" Sally asked.
     "I'm glad you understand. I never wanted to hurt him, you know that."
Bookshire and Sonic shook hands and Bookshire left relived knowing that Sonic
had forgiven him for his actions.
     "That was nice of you to do that for him. That meant a lot to me. Thank
you." Sonic only smiled.
     "Aunt Sally!" Tails yelled as he ran inside the hut with Nina.
     "Hey, Tails. What's up?"
     "Can you teach us how to play Capture the Flag now?"
     "Sure, let's go." Sally, Sonic, Nina, and Tails left the hut and arrived
at the field and was surprised to see all of the ten, eleven, and twelve-year
old children of Knothole quietly lined up waiting for the queen's
instructions.
     "Oh, my gosh! This is amazing." At that point, Sally realized what
Julayla felt when she taught all of the Freedom Fighters this game. It was
like she was looking at all of her friends eight years ago through Julayla's
eyes. She just stood looking at them and they wondered what she was doing.
     "Aunt Sally? Something wrong?" Tails asked.
     "No."
     "Why are you crying?"
     "You'll understand when your older." Tails hated when anybody older than
him said that. He thought it was just a way for them to back out of an answer.
     Within about ten minutes of lessons, and suggestions for strategy, the
game began. Tails, Nina, Jessica, Mindy, Ziggy, and Sonic were on one team,
and Abby, Sarah, Kamie, Kelly, Erica, and Sally were on the other.
     "Let the game begin!" Sally yelled and the two teams ran to opposite
sides of the field. Everybody was scattered through the bushes and trees,
except Sonic. Nothing could be heard except for the calm wind blow through the
leaves above. The red cloth was held under a small stone to prevent it from
blowing away.
     "I've got a plan." Sally whispered. "This is what I call The Willow Tree
Diversion: first, Kelly, you run over to that willow tree by the Southern
Meadow distracting them..." Before Sally said anything else, Kelly ran over to
the tree as fast as she could.
     "Kelly! No!" Erica yelled. Sonic walked up to the group with everybody
behind him.
     "Um, Sal? We win." Sonic politely remarked holding the flag in his hand.
     "No fair! We weren't ready!"
     "You said let the game begin!" Tails barked.
     "That doesn't matter!" Sarah yelled. And within seconds, all of the
children were arguing while Sonic and Sally walked off into Knothole holding
hands.

- - - -

     "There ya go, sugar." Bunnie said as she placed the last pin in
Bookshire's tuxedo.
     "Slip it off and be careful!"
     "Thank you very much for this, Bunnie." Bookshire pulled off the tux and
handed it to her.
     "I didn't know I've gained this much weight since the wedding. It's only
been a few months."
     "Oh, hush. You haven't gained weight, you just grew a little bit. It's
only three inches." Bookshire smiled and sat down.
     "I've never been this nervous in my life! This is my first date, and I
really don't know what to do. Got any advice for me?" Bunnie sat back and
began stitching.
     "Well, is she pretty?"
     "Beautiful!"
     "Then when she opens the door, give her a compliment on her hair, or
eyes, or even her smile."
     "Great, then what?"
     "Oh, do you have a gift? That always gets them."
     "Uh, no. What should I get her?"
     "Ah don't know. What does she like?"
     "She loves to play the piano."
     "Well, then sing her a song."
     "What? I can't sing! I've got a horrible singing voice!"
     "Ah'm sure you've got a great singin voice."
     "Trust me."
     "Okay, um, do you know how to write music?"
     "No."
     "Do you have music on your computer?"
     "No, but I can download some."
     "Great! That's a good start. Print her up some. Now all you need is some
wine."
     "Got it."
     "Ooh, what kind ya git her?"
     "Black Mobian Wine. Vintage 3128."
     "Oh my gosh! Where did you get that?"
     "I don't remember."
     "No way."
     "Really."
     "That stuffs worth a fortune! And you can't even remember where you got
it?"
     "Nope."
     "Amazin'." Bunnie looked at her stitch work and then looked at the
clock. It was almost four thirty.
     "Dinner time! You want to eat here tonight? Rotor's busy foolin with the
power ring generator and said he'd be late."
     "Sure he won't mind?"
     "Of course Ah'm sure, besides, I'll be all alone." Bunnie said while
looking at him with puppy-dog eyes.
     "Okay." Bookshire said with a smile. That evening, Bunnie served fried
chicken with a side of mashed potatoes and vegetables. A half hour later when
dinner was finished, Bookshire helped do dishes and talked more about his date
with Erin.

     "Thanks for dinner, Bunnie."
     "Your welcome, sugar. Good luck tomorrow."
     "Thank you."
     "I'll have you tux ready before you leave."
     "Oh, great. I almost forgot about that. Thanks." Bunnie kissed Bookshire
on the cheek and he hobbled back home confident about tomorrow night.

- - - -

     The morning sun shined through Tails' window striking the wall where the
bunk bed used to be. Felix woke up about two minutes before the alarm clock
because he was so used to being waken up at an exact time. He looked at the
sun shine on the wall and smiled. He jumped out of bed and landed without any
sound from his fall. It was only fitting because he was a cat and it was his
nature to land with perfection. He walked over to the desk and shut off the
alarm clock before it could go off. He attempted to wake Tails up, but with
him being twelve years old, it was far from easy.
     Like always, Felix walked outside and was about to play his trumpet when
he saw everybody already out of bed and making their way to the dining hall
for breakfast. Out of curiosity, he walked inside with the crowd of Freedom
Fighters and asked Sally why everybody was up before him.
     "We all got together and decided to wake up before you play your
trumpet. No offence, it's just that some people don't like it."
     "But... but..." Felix whined.
     "I'll make you a deal, if nobodies up before you, you can wake them if
you want. But if they are up, don't play, okay?"
     "All right." Felix moaned as he hunched over a little bit.

     "Bunnie! Got my tux?" Bookshire asked as he trotted over to her. He was
still anxious even though his trip wasn't for another two hours.
     "Right here." Bunnie held up the tuxedo and handed it to him.
     "Oh, great." Bookshire said as he examined the tuxedo while slowly
spinning it on it's hanger.
     "Try it on."
     "Here?"
     "Just the coat." Bookshire took the coat off of the hanger and handed
the it to Bunnie. He put it on and adjusted it as he buttoned the last button.
"Perfect!" Bunnie smiled and pulled at the cuffs a little bit.
     "Well, I don't want to ruin it before my date. I'd better take it off."
Bookshire took the coat off and placed it back on the hanger. "After I eat, I
have to take off." Bookshire, Bunnie and Rotor ate breakfast together. They
had conversations on what do when he met Erin, what to say and how to act.
They almost sounded like parents. Breakfast was finished and Bookshire packed
everything in the hover craft.
     "Thanks again, Rotor." Bookshire happily thanked him before he went on
his way east through the Great Desert. On his way out, he stopped to pick the
roses he found the other day and give them to her when he arrives.
     "SONIC!!!" Tails yelled as he noticed a patch of non-purple fur on his
chest.
     "Whoa! What's wrong?" Sonic asked as he ran up to him sitting at a
dining table.
     "I know how to get the purple out!" Sonic's eyes lit up and he became
excited.
     "How?"
     "Remember yesterday at lunch?"
     "What?"
     "When a chili bean dropped on me right here?" Tails asked pointing at
the dot on his fur.
     "It's the CHILI!" Sonic ran into the kitchen and grabbed a vat of chili
from the refrigerator. He ran to his hut with Tails and Sally following. Sally
had no idea what was going on. Sonic picked Tails up and placed him in the
bath tub.
     "Sonic?" Sally asked in confusion. He didn't answer, but he dumped the
refrigerated chili all over Tails' head.
     "AAAAHHH! THAT'S COLD!!!" Tails screamed.
     "SONIC!" Sally yelled.
     "It's the chili!" A smile of anticipation appeared on her face as she
watched the chili-soaked fox shiver in the tub. Tails rolled around in the
cold chili for a few seconds and then rinsed off. It worked. At long last, it
worked. Only traces of purple stayed waiting for a more thorough washing.
     "I'm not purple anymore!!!" Tails yelled. After a complete chili bath,
he was shampooed to get the smell out and dried off.
     "Amazing." Sally said to herself.
     "Uh oh." Tails whispered.
     "What?" Sonic asked.
     "Bookshire doesn't know about this yet." Everybody laughed and walked
back to the dining hall. On their entrance, there was an applause for Tails.
     "He's back!" Sonic yelled. Within a few seconds, everybody quieted back
down and continued eating like nothing happened.
     "Wanna go swimming?" Tails sarcastically asked Sonic. There was a short
laugh and they also sat back down and continued eating.

- - - -

     Bookshire was on his way through the Great Desert to Namrock Village and
was once again, bored. Bored stiff. The long drive ahead of him bugged the
hell out of him. It was hot and humid. At least he was under a dome and had
air conditioning and UVA/UVB protection. So the heat didn't bother him. All he
saw was sand dunes everywhere. The only thing guiding him was a computer he
brought with him. He thought maybe that it could somehow keep him company. He
put the navigation on automatic and turned around and minimized the window. A
few cables were strung out of the back going into a panel on the floor for
fuel management, navigation, and radar.
     With a few strokes of some keys, a turquoise screen with various icons
appeared before him.
     "Ah, multitasking!" He said with a proud voice. Apparently, Tails
somehow got to his computer to play the games one day. He immediately knew
this because he's known for placing all of the icons in a happy face.
Bookshire only smiled. He knew that there was no harm done, Tails wasn't a
computer hacker.
     He sat back in his chair looking at the icons thinking about Tails. What
would he have done if Tails died? What would have happened to him? No one
would trust him with medicine again, and his Freedom Fighter name would be put
to shame. He would possibly be hated by everyone and banned from Knothole and
anywhere near it.
     The screen saver came on and woke him up from his sleepless nightmare.
He lost interest in the computer and put it back down. He turned around in his
chair and looked at the horizon ahead of him. There was still nothing to do,
but he kept himself occupied by thinking of Tails. Even if he tried not to
think about it, it would plague his mind and force him to pay attention to it.
It was guilt and sadness that overwhelmed him then, and there was no way to
avoid it.
     Bookshire was sorry for what he did, but he kept blaming himself. That
is what was causing all of this guilt. If, somehow, he realized that it
wasn't, he would be cured.
     The constant humming of the engines was starting to become noiseless to
him because he had been listening to it for about two hours now. Almost the
same thing has been happening with his sight, the desert sand appeared to be
non-existent. His senses were now almost completely numb except for thought.
     With a sudden shock to his body, the ringing of someone pounding on the
back hatch caught him off guard and scared him half to death. He quickly
grabbed his hand gun he secretly took with him and walked to the back of    
    pit.
     "Who is it?" Bookshire yelled over the hum of the engines.
     "Sonic! Open the door!" Bookshire quickly put down the gun and covered
it with the tuxedo.
     "Hold on!" He pulled on a latch to the door and opened it letting Sonic
in. Sand was thrown in while the door was open and that only urged Bookshire
to close the door even faster. Sonic looked even worse, he had sand in all of
his quills. "What brings you here?" Bookshire asked in curiosity.
     "Guess!" Sonic smiled.
     "Does it involve Tails?" Sonic nodded his head and Bookshire had a
bigger smile than Sonic.
     "He got it out!"
     "Bingo!" Bookshire cheered and jumped around in joy.
     "How?" Sonic began brushing his arms off.
     "You'll never guess this one."
     "You're right, I won't."
     "Chili."
     "Chili?"
     "Chili." Sonic repeated.
     "How did you find that out?"
     "You remember when Tails had that ring around his mouth, right?"
     "Uh huh."
     "It was from a chili dog."
     "Whoa."
     "Then, some fell on his chest and cleaned that off too! Before we knew
it, he was taking a bath in ice cold chili."
     "Sounds fun." Bookshire sarcastically remarked.
     "It all came out, and he's back to normal."
     "When was this?"
     "This morning, right after you left, too."
     "Really?"
     "Yeah. I wish I could stay and chat, but I promised Sal I'd be right
back."
     "Well, see you tomorrow then." Bookshire and Sonic gave their goodbyes
and Sonic headed back to Knothole. Sand was everywhere, at least he had
something to do: clean up.
     Nothing he had packed had any sand on it, it was covered up to keep the
sun off of it. The tuxedo was in a thin plastic cover preventing any sand
getting on that, so it was saved. It took him about fifteen minutes to get all
of the sand out and then he continued back on his way to Namrock.
     The gun he had with him was brought for protection. He didn't want
anybody to know he had it with him because he didn't want anyone to think he
might do something stupid from guilt of hurting Tails. He didn't think that
would happen, but it was best that they didn't know anyway.
     The rest period he took to clean out the sand made him set the speed a
little faster. He didn't really calculate anything, he just turned the speed
up a little.

     Back to boredom.

     The knowledge of Tails being back to his normal color again didn't
change anything in the past, but Bookshire was at least in a better mood about
the situation.
     He looked back down at the computer. He picked it up and opened the
screen. There was the happy face looking at him again. The games that were on
it didn't interest him, except for one: Doom II. Felix must have put it on.
Bookshire didn't know how to play, or even what it was about, but he overheard
him talking to some friends about it. He decided to give it a shot. The
opening screen caught his attention. He didn't like it at all. The demo
started to run and REALLY caught his attention.
     "Oh, my." He aborted the game and closed the games window. He looked at
the medical icon and opened that up. He's used it many times before, but he's
never really sat down and used it. He ran the program called "Medic Plus" and
played around with the controls. It was used for a portable heart monitor, and
other various medical uses. He found the "Change Colors" setting under
"Desktop" and found out that the lines that shows the heart beat patterns can
change colors.
     "Cool." He commented to himself. He liked the idea of configurable
colors, but he stuck with the standard monochrome green.
     After about ten minutes of playing around, boredom set in once again. He
turned around and faced the front and stared at the endless sand in front of
him. He wondered how many grains of sand covered the planet, but never really
gave it much thought. He also thought about Packbell. He never thought that
Erin would be in much danger of him because she lived so far away from him. It
would be too much trouble and it's out of his way. He would probably consider
it to be "inefficient" to come seven hundred miles just to create a whole new
group of robots.
     The same blindness and deafness set in again after about five minutes of
starring it the horizon. Bookshire wasn't tired, but he fell asleep from the
rocking of the hover craft. He had a dream and it was about Erin, she was with
him eating dinner together and having various conversations about themselves.
He told her about his life in Knothole and how he's tended to everybody's
medical needs. She told him about her life in Namrock and what she did there
too. Since it was a dream, he listened to what she said but wouldn't remember
what she said when he wakes up. Dreams are strange and very unusual, and if
something out of the ordinary happens in dreams, it's left unnoticed, same
thing that happened in Bookshire's dream.
     In the hover craft, Bookshire started lean over from the movements of
the hover craft. Back in his dream, he was just about to give Erin the first
kiss when he noticed that he hit his head on the control panel during his fall
out of his seat. He was awake and disappointed to be awakened before a good
part in a dream. He's always had those kind of dreams where he's left in the
climax of it and awakened before anything else happens. He's always hated that
and knew he couldn't do anything about it.
     He stood up and placed himself back in the chair. He disengaged the auto
pilot and resumed driving manually because there was nothing else productive
to do.

     After many hours of driving through the Great Desert, Bookshire finally
reached the western border of Namrock Village. He stopped the hover craft and
changed into his tuxedo. He noticed that he was a half hour early, and decided
to surprise her.
     With help with directions from some polite residence of Namrock,
Bookshire finally arrived at Erin Draftwood's home. It was a work of art and
he admired every square foot of it. It was a blue two story house with a
balcony and a chimney. With roses in hand, he knocked on the door six times.
He counted this in his head because he was nervous and didn't really know what
else to do.
     The door was opened by a male raccoon with Erin standing behind him.
     "Bookshire! You're early!" Erin nervously exclaimed.
     Erin? With another man? Bookshire's heart skipped a beat, but maintained
a straight face.
     "Who's..." Bookshire tried to ask, but still racked with nervousness.
     "Oh," Erin replied. "My brother, Jim." Bookshire breathed a short sigh
of relief. Erin stepped outside, while her brother shut the door behind her.
     "My god, you look beautiful." Bookshire sighed.
     "Well, thank you." Bookshire started to remember some advice Bunnie and
Rotor gave to him that morning before he left, but his mind went blank.
     "Your hair looks... clean." Bookshire realized that he had just broken
the number one rule in dating: Don't look or sound stupid.
     Erin forced out a semi-smile and looked at him strange.
     "Thank you."
     "I'm sorry. This is my first date I've been on in my life. I'm really
nervous." Erin understood and walked closer to him. The closer she got, the
more nervous he became.
     "Relax. You've known me for a while now, you shouldn't be nervous." Erin
looked at the flowers and Bookshire noticed her look at them.
     "These are for you." He held the flowers out to her and she took them
graciously. She smelled them and looked back at him.
     "Thank you, they're beautiful. Um, come in." Erin opened the door and
Bookshire saw Jim look at him in disgust and walked upstairs.
     "I don't think your brother likes me."
     "He heard about your... incident." She whispered.
     "Oh. Hey, he got the purple out this morning!"
     "Wow! That's great." Bookshire was still nervous and trying to keep any
conversation going.
     "Um want to go to dinner now?"
     "Love to, but I already made it." Bookshire smiled and caught the smell
of something in the kitchen.
     "Ooh, smells good. What is it?"
     "It's your favorite, sparunetti."
     "Never heard of it. And how do you know of it's my favorite?"
     "It will be." Erin cooed as she slowly walked through a door into the
kitchen, obviously trying to get more of his attention. Bookshire caught on
and followed her. It was a trap, the lights were dimmed, and she had soft
music playing out of a small boom box. Erin walked up to Bookshire and he was
more nervous than ever. He couldn't realize why he was so nervous, he'd known
her for a long enough time to get to know    ,      hat was just over the
computer... This is Erin in person.
     "I'm glad we could finally meet." Erin said in a quiet voice, but not
whispering.
     "Me too." Bookshire replied. They looked into each other's eyes and
there was a long pause. Erin wondered what he was thinking. She saw that he
was scared, but there was only one sure way of finding out if he really loved
her. With the soft music playing in the background, Erin lifted her arms and
placed them around his waist. Erin closed her eyes and moved her lips closer
to his. It was a shock to his body, he was kissing his true love. But the kiss
was never anything like he'd expect, he's been kissed on the cheek by Bunnie
once or twice after he's done something for her, or when she has ever tired to
comfort him, but never like this! It was the best thing that has ever happened
to him.
     Erin's test was done. She looked at Bookshire and waited for a response,
but all he could do was look back at her. He desperately tried to find
something to say, but his mind was blank.
     "Have you ever kissed a girl before?" Erin asked with a slight tilt to
her head.
     "N- n no."
     "That was pretty good for a beginner."
     "Um, thank you." Erin moved her body closer to his and began dancing to
the soft music. Bookshire stopped shaking and found himself to be very
relaxed. He enjoyed dancing, even if it was the first time in his life he had
danced like this. It was slow and graceful and he would do anything to do it
forever, but he knew that nothing lasted forever. Just then, the music came to
an end.
     "You're a good dancer."
     "You're a good teacher." Erin smiled and ran her fingers through his
hair.

     The obnoxious buzzer of the oven timer went off ending the moment. Erin
let go of him and tended to the fragrant dinner.
     "I've got a surprise for you." Bookshire said as Erin turned off the
oven and placed the pot of sparunetti on the counter.
     "Oh, I love surprises." Bookshire exited the kitchen and ran out the
front door. He jumped onto the hover craft and pulled the bottle of fine wine
out of the back. Carefully, he walked back inside and held it behind his back.
Erin saw him walk back in and was curious about what he was hiding. Bookshire
presented her with the wine and she squealed in delight.
     "Where did you get this?"
     "I don't remember."
     "What?!"
     "I've had it for such a long time, it's escaped my mind."
     "You're serious, aren't you." Bookshire nodded. This problem didn't
bother Erin too long. Actually, it really wasn't a problem. She went back into
the kitchen and fetched two glasses and a corkscrew. Bookshire removed the
cork and poured the wine.
     Black Mobian Wine is an unusual substance. It isn't really black. It
appears that way in the bottle. When exposed to air, however, it slowly turns
transparent. If a glass is left to sit, one can see a layer of transparent on
top of black wine. In order for the wine to do this however, the utmost skill
must be applied upon pouring. Erin poured two glasses, each black as pitch.
     "Impressive." Bookshire commented and took a sip. He coughed a little
bit; Black Mobian Wine is strong stuff. Erin did the same, and took
Bookshire's hand. It was trembling slightly.
     "Bookshire! What's wrong?" Erin asked.
     "It's just that, you know..." Bookshire blushed slightly. "This is the
first date, and..."
     "Shh. You're babbling." Erin said, and the two proceeded to dance.
     "The, uh, dinner will get cold." Bookshire said.
     "I have a microwave." Erin said softly, and laid her head upon
Bookshire's chest. His heart raced faster yet, but he enjoyed it. He ran his
hand through her hair, and danced a while longer.

- - - -

     "...And he was given a metal for bravery, and for saving Sally's life!"
Bookshire explained as they both finished dinner. He was having the most fun
he had ever had in his life talking with Erin about all of his adventures in
Knothole. She listened to every word he said and enjoyed it.
     "Well, enough about me, what's it like in Namrock."
     "It's nothing like Knothole. The village leader, Tim Evermore, is trying
to declare Namrock a city due to it's population."
     "Really?"
     "Turns out that the council of elders refuse to go through all of the
paper work and spend all of their time at those stupid casinos." Bookshire
almost coughed up is wine and dropped his glass.
     "Casinos?!"
     "I told you Namrock was big."
     "Yeah, but you didn't say you had casinos!"
     "Hey, I never knew what happened to Nina a few minutes ago until now."
     "We have a lot to talk about then." Bookshire and Erin just finish
dinner and noticed that the bottle was empty.
     "We're out." Bookshire commented as he looked down the neck of the
bottle. He was just below almost slightly drunk, but not quite.
     "This is the best night that I ever had." Erin said as she took
Bookshire's hand.
     "What? We've only started!" Bookshire proudly said as he stood up. Erin
stood up with him and embraced in a kiss.
     "Bookshire!" Erin was surprised to see him so sure of himself.
     "Hey, I've never heard you play your piano before." Erin turned around
and looked at her piano sitting in the dark.
     "Okay, I guess I could play something for you."
     "How about this?" Bookshire asked as he presented her with a folder of
sheet music.
     "You sure know how to impress a girl." Erin laughed. They both walked up
to the piano and Erin turned on a light. She sat down and opened the folder.
Piacer D'Amor was the name of the song. She placed the music in front of her
and began playing. It was the most beautiful thing they have ever heard. Erin
rocked back and forth ever so slightly to the rythmn of the music. After the
last bar, Erin stood up, and Bookshire applauded. Erin smiled and bowed.
     "Okay, now. How about we get more wine?" Erin asked.
     "Yes, okay." Bookshire replied. Erin retrieved a light jacket, and the
two stepped out into the night air of Namrock Village. The sun had set, and
the street lamps gave the town a look of perpetual twilight. Bookshire sighed.
This town had only been touched by stories of Packbell atrocities. Memories of
his home town when King Acorn was in power flashed by. Those were sweet
memories. They were interrupted by Erin's voice.
     "Any particular vintage in mind, Bookshire?" Erin asked.
     "Huh? Oh, uh, I thought you were going to get the wine?" Bookshire
asked.
     "Oh no!" Erin giggled. "I'm flat broke!"
     "I haven't seen currency for ten years! Literally!" Bookshire replied.
They passed a shop with three golden orbs attached to the wall, that hung over
Bookshire.
     "Wait a second." Bookshire said, and entered the pawn shop. Behind the
cashier's cage was a weasel, smoking a thin cigarette, and reading a gun
magazine.
     "Yeah?" the weasel asked. Bookshire pulled out from under his coat his
gun. The weasel's eyes widened only slightly. He tried to keep his eagerness
in check while he examined his gun.
     "Hmm." The weasel looked down the barrel. "I'll give ya three hundred
Mobium for it."
     "Fair enough." Bookshire replied. He collected three one hundred Mobium
notes and placed them in his pocket. When he left, the weasel smiled broadly.
It was obvious the gun was worth more than three hundred.
     "Okay, where is this wine merchant?" Bookshire asked. Erin pointed to
her left, and they crossed the street. They entered a little shop that was
composed of a counter in the rear, and wine shelves along the walls.
     "Hello, Erin." The merchant greeted. He was a old badger with glasses,
and a spare tire. His face was slightly wrinkled, but not unkind. "What can I
do ya for?"
     "Have any Black Mobian Wine, Jake?" Erin asked.
     "Aye, that I do." Jake replied, and looked under the counter. He
retrieved a bottle that had a blanket of dust on top. He handed it to
Bookshire. Bookshire blew the dust away, revealing the label. The year was
3218.
     "Wow. This is older than you, Jake!" Erin giggled.
     "Don't count on it." the badger replied back.
     "Okay, how much?" Bookshire asked.
     "Oh..." Jake said in deep thought. He kept most of his prices in his
head. "'Bout seventy five Mobium. No, I'm sorry, eighty."
     "Can you scare up another bottle?" Bookshire asked. Jake nodded his head
and looked under the counter. After a broken bottle and a few obscenities
muttered under the counter, Jake came back with another dusty bottle.
Bookshire produced two notes and handed them to Jake. Jake in turn handed him
two twenty Mobian notes. Bookshire looked at them. They had a picture of a
baby on the cover in a crown.
     "Why, that's Sally as a baby!" Bookshire said. "Thank you." The two
exited the merchants shop and headed for Erin's house again. Inside, a beep
went off.
     "What was that?" Bookshire asked. The beep sounded again.
     "Oh, my computer." Erin replied. "C'mon. I'll show you." The two entered
Erin's bedroom. In the corner was her computer. Erin sat down, and answered
the beep. A face of another raccoon appeared, one of Erin's friends.
Bookshire, while Erin was talking, poked around in her box of disks. He
removed one. Erin closed her conversation, and turned to Bookshire.
     "Do you know this game is at least one hundred years old?" Bookshire
asked.
     "What? Magic and Mystery? Yeah, it's one of my favorites."
     "Too bad. I'm the best at it." Bookshire replied.
     "Yeah right!" Erin exclaimed.
     "Care to prove it?" Bookshire asked smugly, with one eyebrow cocked.
     "You're on!" Erin replied. She inserted the disk, and the two began to
play.

- - - -

     "Ha, ha!" Bookshire exclaimed. "That's another hundred points!"
     "Oh, yeah?" Erin asked, and typed in her command. The entire screen
flashed. After the screen stopped pulsating, it showed a skull and crossbones
on top of Bookshire's castle.
     "You let your guard down to snag those points, my friend." Erin said.
"Final score, Twenty two hundred thousand four hundred five to twenty two
thousand one hundred fifteen." She took a sip of wine, which had done the half
and half' trick by now. Bookshire tried to stifle a yawn.
     "What time is it?" he asked. When, he did, the sunbeams hit the floor of
her bedroom.
     "Wow! Talk about addiction!" Erin said, and also yawned.
     "I'm afraid I have to go home now, Erin. It was very fun."
     "Same here, Bookshire. Goodbye." Erin replied, and kissed him one more
time.
     "I love you." Bookshire called, and walked to the hovercraft. He
entered, and heard the computer beeping. Yawning, he hit enter, and saw Rotor
as angry as he had ever seen him before.
     "Oh dear." Bookshire said, and put his face in his hands. "I'm sorry,
Rotor."
     "When do you plan on coming back?" Rotor angrily asked.
     "I'm coming back right now. I'm truly sorry about this. Is there any way
I can make this up to you?"
     "Oh, I've already got something in mind." Rotor said crossing his arms.
     "Thank you. I got caught up in a game with Erin, and I've had the most
fun I had in my life!"
     "Gee, great, get back." Rotor said and the screen went blank. Bookshire
was happy that Rotor wasn't too mad at him, at least that's what he thought.
But he didn't care, his time in Namrock with Erin was great, and would have
gone through a hundred scoldings from Rotor to come there again.
     As he slowly pulled out of the driveway, he saw Erin wave goodbye. He
waved back to her as he accelerated down the street. She was no longer in
sight and that was the end of the date.
     Back in the desert, Bookshire was exhausted. He set it to auto pilot,
set up an alarm for any near by vehicles, auto-diagnostic problems and the
arrival of Knothole.
     In the glass dome of the hover craft, it was filled with liquid crystal.
Very convenient for a curtain, and was used for privacy or a sun shade, or
anything that would require it's cover. Bookshire flipped a switch and the
dome became a solid black. The inside was completely dark except for an
assortment of tiny lights from the control panel. He laid down and fell
asleep.

- - - -

     Back in Knothole, Rotor was calmed back down a little because no real
harm was done to anything. Bookshire was just late, and Rotor didn't need the
hover craft for anything anyway. Bunnie was the one who convinced Rotor to
ease up on him, and Bookshire would probably thank her for calming him down.
     Sonic knocked on Rotor's door and Rotor answered it.
     "Hey, man. Isn't Book supposed to be back by now?" Sonic asked.
     "Yeah, only if he left when he was supposed to."
     "What? Where is he now?"
     "He just now left Namrock and will be back sometime tonight."
     "Bummer, I was hoping he'd get to see Tails before he goes to bed
tonight."
     "Well, he'd better be back real soon." Sonic, Rotor, and Bunnie went to
breakfast and met up with Sally, Tails, and Felix at the dining hall.
     "Hey, guys." Felix greeted the small group. "Bookshire back yet?" Felix
asked.
     "No, he just now left." Sonic commented.
     "Oh, I just wanted to see how his date went."
     "Ah'm sure he had a blast!" Bunnie said.
     "How's that?" Felix asked.
     "He spent the entire night with her. He's shoulda had fun." Bunnie
giggled.
     The rest of the day went by without incident. The only thing going on
was Tails brushing out any purple left behind by the chili. By that evening,
all the stray purple was out, and the normal red-brown color was back. At
about twenty one hundred hours, Bookshire coasted back into Knothole. As he
climbed out of the hovercraft, he found Sonic, Sally, Felix, Rotor, and Bunnie
waiting for him.
     "Good evening." He greeted happily.
     "So how was your date?" Sonic asked.
     "The best, Sonic. It was the best." Bookshire replied. He walked over to
his hut to change out of the tuxedo he had been in for thirty six hours. Felix
followed him.
     "You dog! All night with her, eh?" Felix said before Bookshire closed
the door.
     "Oh, Felix. All we did was play games all night. Nothing happened."
     "Right." Felix said, and walked back to Tails' hut. Bookshire mumbled
something to himself, and went inside. After he changed, he walked over to the
dining hall to talk to Sally. Inside, she sat, reading a book.
     "Oh, hello, Bookshire." She greeted.
     "I have something to show you, Sally." Bookshire said, and pulled out a
twenty Mobium note out of his pocket. He handed it to her.
     "This is the new series of the twenty Mobium notes. Look who they got to
pose for it." Sally unfolded it and saw her baby picture.
     "Oh my!" Sally exclaimed. "I have this picture!" She trotted over to her
hut, and looked through the closet. After two minutes, she produced a picture
about fifteen years old.
     "I'm honored." Sally said, and compared the two pictures. She smiled,
and put the note and the picture on the dresser.
     "Can I keep this?" Sally asked.
     "Sure, I have no use for it."
     "Thank you." Bookshire left and Sally climbed into bed next to Sonic.
Outside Tails' hut, Bookshire peered in at Tails sleeping. He breathed a
slight sigh of relief when he saw that Tails was Tails-colored again. Felix
saw Bookshire outside by the window and walked up to him.
     "Hey, Book. This the first time you've seen him today?" Bookshire nodded
his head.
     "Oh, Felix. About this 'Doom II' game..." Felix was suddenly nervous.

     The next day, Rotor forgave Bookshire for being so late and let him out
of debt to him. He never told him what his punishment was going to be, but he
didn't care. Everything was back to normal in Knothole Village.

- - - -
Chapter Eight
Traitors
by Felix Xavier Jinx
- - - -
Time line - October 18, 3237
- - - -

     Morning. The snow had fallen again last night, giving the forest a good
eight inch blanket of white. In the dense foliage, Felix was walking slowly,
with a large, black rifle in hand. He work a thick coat, and snowshoes. His
breath turned into white clouds before him.
     "Man, where are they?" Felix mumbled to himself. Suddenly, about ten
yards away, a twig snapped. Felix swung his rifle into the direction of the
sound. A figure's head rose up in the shadows. Felix fired three times,
hitting the target. The figure dropped, and Felix trotted over to investigate.
He jumped a hedge, and landed next to his quarry. In the snow was Tails, lying
face down in the snow. Crimson covered the back of his head.
     "Tails! Oh, man! What have I done?" Felix exclaimed as he looked at the
red drip from the back of his head.
     "Ya went and shot your partner!" Bunnie exclaimed, and appeared out of
the trees. "You okay, sugar?" Tails sat up.
     "Man, Felix!" Tails whined, rubbing the back of his head. "Paint's hard
to shampoo out!" The fox pulled back his hand, soaked in red paint.
     "We win! We win!" Sally cried, and jumped out of the bushes.
     "Now hold on. You didn't really win!" Felix retorted.
     "Now come on. Don't be a sore loser." Sally said.
     "Yeah, yeah." Felix mumbled. "Tails, you should go home and wash that
out." Tails stomped off, mad that the game had drawn to a close due to
friendly fire.
     "Even if it was Tails, it was a good shot." Bunnie said. She picked up
Tails's paintball gun. Rustling could be heard in the distance.
     "What was that?" Sally gasped, turning around. Rustling again, this time
closer. "Sonic?" Sally called. Out of the bushes jumped a blur, and tackled
Felix. Felix rolled and kicked him off. Both stood up. The attacker was
another cat, but about a foot taller, and fifty pounds heavier. It was white,
and had a roboticized arm. The two cats stood five feet apart, with ears
folded back, and claws out. They growled and hissed. The white cat then slowly
lowered to the ground, and lunged. The two felines both flew into the bushes.
Fighting and more hissing could be heard. As Sally and Bunnie ran over to
assist, the white cat flew out of the bushes, and hit a tree a good fifteen
feet away. Felix jumped out. His coat was torn to shreds, and four deep claw
marks were slashed across his face. One of his ears was split down the middle,
all the way down to the skull. Felix was more then mad.
     The white cat jumped back to it's feet, fairing no better then Felix
was. Felix charged, and the attacker threw it's metallic fist, smacking Felix
dead on in the face. He fell to the ground, unconscious. The white cat then
turned to Sally, and walked slowly toward her. Bunnie raised Tails's paintball
gun, and hit the cat's face four times in the eyes. It screamed and tried to
wipe the paint off. While the cat was blinded, Sally jumped into the air, and
planted her foot in the neck. The cat grabbed it's neck, and fell to the
ground, coughing. Felix awoke and held his nose.
     "My node!" He cried. He stood up, and the coat fell off. Claw marks were
raked across his chest as well. He looked at his attacker, and kicked him hard
in the side of the ribs. He did nothing. He was knocked cold.
     "Who in the name of..." Bunnie quietly asked, standing over him.
     "Felix, can ya get back to Knothole okay?" Sally asked.
     "Yeah, but I can't tmell!" Felix exclaimed, and limped off to Knothole.
Bunnie draped the fiend over her shoulder, and the three followed right behind
Felix. When they all arrived to Knothole, Bookshire and Charles ran to assist
Felix.
     "My goodness, son! What happened to you?" Charles exclaimed. Felix could
only point to the three behind him. Felix was escorted to Bookshire's hut.
Charles went to see what was going on.
     "This fool jumped out of nowhere and started something with Felix!"
Bunnie informed.
     "Yes, it looks this one got his share of the punishment, also." Charles
answered. The cats entire head was pink with blood.
     "Tie him up to a tree until he wakes up, Bunnie." Sally commanded.
Bunnie tossed the cat against a tree and tied him to it. Sally went to find
Sonic to inform him of the situation. Sonic sat in the hut, playing with
Julayla and Miles.
     "Sonic, something's happened in the forest. You'd better come out."
Sally said.
     "Sure. Get Felix." Sonic replied, standing up.
     "Felix is what happened. Tails will watch them." Sally called for Tails,
and he came to the door.
     "Sure I can babysit. Why?" Tails asked.
     "I'll tell you later." Sally explained, and trotted over to Bookshire's
hut. Inside, Bookshire was stitching together the split ear. Sonic cringed in
pain just watching.
     "What happened?" Sonic asked.
     "An attacker came out of the woods and attacked us. Felix caught the
brunt of it." Sally explained.
     "You bet he did! Two broken ribs, about three hundred stitches worth of
cuts, and a fractured skull." Bookshire chimed, patching Felix's ear together.
Sonic and Sally went to the dining hall to examine their prisoner. Bunnie and
Charles were with him. They had tied him up to a chair, and managed to detach
his arm. He was still out cold. His head was now bright red from blood.
     "Now, can you explain what happened in the forest, my queen?" Charles
asked.
     "This guy just jumped out of nowhere, and started to attack Felix. He's
in bad shape."
     "Who, Mister Psycho or Felix?" Bunnie asked.
     "Both." Sonic said. The cat started to stir. He opened his eyes, and
gazed at his captors.
     "Where am I?" he asked.
     "You're in Knothole, and in a lot of trouble. Who are you?" Sally asked.
     "I'm saying nothing." he snapped.
     "Fine. I can wait as long as you." Sally snapped back. "In the meantime,
you are charged with assault." the cat laughed.
     "You have no authority." he growled back.
     "I'll have you know I am Sally of Acorn, queen of Mobius."
     "Ha! You are nothing but a rodent. PACKBELL is emperor of Mobius!" he
shouted.
     "It's evident who he works for." Charles said.
     "Packbell, huh? You are now charged with assault and treason!" Sally
snapped. "Keep watch over him!" She stomped out.
     "First bats with rocks, now this..." Bunnie moaned.
     "Yeah, something's goin' on. Why are we being attacked by other animals,
and not bots all of a sudden?" Sonic asked.
     "Don't you get it, idiot?" the cat said to Sonic. "A bot can't think, a
bot can't compromise, or improvise. I do."
     "Don't you get it?" Sonic retorted. "Packbell wants to make us all bots!
Why, do you think you will be spared!?"
     "All traitors will suffer the same fate. To serve as Packbell's slaves.
The same will happen to you, rodent!" the cat hissed. Charles smacked the cat
in the back of the neck, knocking him out again. He was obviously tired of
listening to the fool speak.
     "Great. What are we gonna do now?" Bunnie asked.
     "We will need a cell for this one, and if I do not miss my guess, more
like him." Charles replied.
     The rest of the afternoon, about three quarters of Knothole was busy
putting together a make shift jail, built to hold four prisoners. The cat, who
still hadn't divulged a name, was the first resident. While still tied to a
chair, Bookshire begun to patch up his wounds.
     "Looks like our Felix tore you up pretty good, huh?" Bookshire chuckled.
     "Shut up, old man." he hissed. Bookshire jabbed him with the needle he
was working with in the back of the neck. The cat meowed in pain.
     "You shut up. I don't have to do this." The rest of the patch job was
done in silence. As Bookshire packed up, the cat turned to him.
     "Thank you." he said. Bookshire looked surprised.
     "What?"
     "You heard me. I hate what you fight for, but common courtesy is the
same on both sides."
     "Well, you're welcome. Good night, Pinky." Bookshire started to leave.
     "Don't call me "Pinky"." the cat snapped. His head was still pink from
blood.
     "Well, until you give us a name, it's Pinky." Bookshire slammed the
door, and locked it.
     "He doesn't need to, Book." Sonic called. "His name is Brutus."
     "Appropriate." Bookshire grunted. "How did you find out?"
     "He's been hitting all the villages. He's a fugitive for five murders."
Bookshire gasped.
     "Five?!" he exclaimed. "My god! No animal can be that cold-blooded."
     "He will get a trial, but other animals from the other villages will be
coming in to discuss this problem." Sonic explained.
     "I don't know how he could get a defense." Bookshire said.
     "He might know somebody, I don't know. It's time to eat. Let's wash up."
Bookshire followed Sonic over to the dining hall.
     Later that evening, Felix walked over to Brutus's cell. Felix was
dressed in bandages on his head, face, and around his chest. His attacker was
almost identically patched up.
     "What do you want?" Brutus grunted.
     "What do you want?" Felix asked. "Why did you attack us?"
     "It's war. What did you expect?"
     "You fool. What are you getting in return?" Felix asked.
     "Rank of Brigadier General in Packbell's Army." Brutus replied. Felix
laughed.
     "And what do you think he's going to do after this so called war, huh?"
Felix stuck his face into the cell. "He's not going to need an army anymore.
He'll either turn you into bots, or douse you with lasers." Felix walked away.
"You are a fool, Brutus. Now you will die, no matter how the coin flips."

- - - -
Timeline- October 20
- - - -

     The morning was begun with the sound of the old siren that Charles used
before Felix volunteered alarm clock duty. After breakfast and the normal mode
of early morning activities, Sonic and Sally were in their hut, getting ready
for the conference of animals from surrounding villages to discuss what will
happen to Brutus, and other pressing matters, like the sudden attacks from
other animals. Sally dug around in the closet, while Sonic was spinning his
crown around his finger.
     "I don't see why we have to put on the dog for a trial." Sonic moaned.
     "Sonic, I told you!" Sally's voice called from the back of the closet,
muffled. She emerged with a medium sized trunk. "We are the rulers of Mobius!
We have to look like it. And that means wearing a crown once in a while."
Sally       ed the crown from Sonic's finger, and tossed it on his head.
     "Okay, okay." Sonic replied straightening his crown. Sally opened the
trunk, and inside was her royal dress, with a long, thin scarlet cape. It bore
the coat of arms of the Acorn family.
     "Are you ready yet, my lord?" Sally asked Sonic.
     "No..." Sonic said, and retrieved a uniform from the Royal Mobian Army,
made for him a few weeks after the wedding. It looked like Antoine's, except
with a scarlet sash running across his chest. Sonic made faces of pain when he
put it on.
     "What's wrong?" Sally asked.
     "I'm still sore." Sonic grunted. The wounds on his chest were healed,
but pain takes awhile to get rid of.
     "Oh, honey, I'm sorry." Sally said, and pecked Sonic on the cheek. "I'll
see you out in the dining hall." She turned toward the door, with her long
robe swinging around and floating behind. Sonic retrieved a cape from the
closet, one similar to Sally's, and put it on. He left his hut, his cape
flowing behind him. Tails flew down from a treetop and greeted Sonic.
     "Hiya, Tails! How you doing?" Sonic cheerfully greeted. He had not seen
him in a good couple of days because he was so busy with Sally.
     "Good!" Tails barked. He lighted next to Sonic. "Why are you dressed up
like Antoine?"
     "Tails, do you know about Brutus? The cat that attacked Knothole?" Sonic
asked.
     "Yes. Why?"
     "He has the right to a trial, and I have to be there."
     "What's gonna happen to him?" Tails asked, with a touch of concern in
his voice.
     "I don't know, bud. That's up to Aunt Sal. I have to go now. Goodbye."
Sonic said. He entered the dining hall, where Sally sat at the head of a long
table, and on each side were representatives of villages within the Great
Forest's bounds. Sonic and Sally were out of place in the meeting. All the
other animals were at least fifty years older than the king and queen.
     "Our king has arrived, we may now begin." Sally announced. Sonic sat
down at the head of the table next to Sally.
     "Man, do these clothes itch!" thought Sonic.
     "Yes, let us begin." croaked an ancient fox. "We must strike vengeance
on this scoundrel swiftly and surely! If he is allowed to live, there will be
more victims!" The other animals chattered, seeming to agree with the elder
fox.
     "I agree, but not an eye for an eye! There must be better ways to deal
with traitors of the crown." Sally said. "I cannot have a public execution!
It's too much!"
     "My queen! Your cowardice will be the death of you!" the fox said.
     "It's not cowardice! It is mercy!" Sally said.
     "Will the accused have anything to say in his defense?" one asked in the
back.
     "I think so." Sonic answered. "Hold on." He left, and in a minute, he
brought Brutus, his arm bound to his side, to the dining hall. Every eye was
focused on him with cold hatred.
     "Brutus, do you have anything to say on you behalf?" Sonic asked.
     "I joined Packbell regime in order not to get roboticized, well, not
entirely." Brutus started his defense. His voice was a little softer than it
had been. "If a soldier questions an order, he is dead, right? I was told to
find Knothole at all costs, even my own. My only defense is the fact I was
forced to do this."
     "Didn't you attempt escape?" Sally asked.
     "Yes, once. That is why I have a robotic arm."
     "It doesn't sound like Packbell, just finding anybody, and turning him
into a soldier." Sonic commented. "I don't see the logic..."
     "My queen..." Brutus started.
     "What?" Sally snapped. "Your queen?! Why just a...."
     "I request asylum." Brutus interrupted. Sally fell silent. She opened
her mouth, and closed it again. Everyone stopped and looked at her. She didn't
know what to think.
     "I will render my verdict tomorrow." Sally said. "As my guests, I invite
you to stay in Knothole until that time." Sally left the dining hall, as did
the other animals. Sonic escorted Brutus to his cell. Sally went over to
Bookshire's hut.
     "Sally, what's wrong?" Bookshire asked.
     "Brutus has requested asylum, and I don't think I can refuse his
request." Sally said, and flopped into a chair. "Now I must contact Packbell
and tell him I have a prisoner of war."
     "Oh, Sally, I don't think I can get a hold of Packbell alone. Williams
helped me last time." Bookshire replied. "Sonic will have to go get him."
Sally stood up and walked to the door.
     "Sonic!" Sally called. Sonic obediently came. He had already gotten out
of his uniform.
     "Yeah, what goin' on?" Sonic asked.
     "I need you to get Williams. Can you please?" Sally asked.
     "Sure." Sonic said, and took off in a brilliant blue flash. Within a
minute, Sonic brought Williams and his little computer back to Knothole.
     "Do you need to talk to Packbell again?" Williams asked, hooking up his
computer to Bookshire's.
     "Yes." Sally answered.
     "Okay. Computer, get Packbell on the horn." Williams called. It whirred,
and the computer immediately chimed in "Access denied."
     "Use Cryptosmasher." Bookshire commanded. The computer still chimed
"Access denied."
     "Version two point oh." Bookshire replied.
     "Oooh! Where'd you get it?" Williams asked, but didn't get a reply. The
image of Packbell's long, pale face appeared. He smiled.
     "My queen." he greeted.
     "Packbell, we have a prisoner of war." Sally announced.
     "Who?" Packbell roared, surprised.
     "A white cat named Brutus." Sally answered.
     "Oh, yes. Brigadier General Brutus. I suppose you want a trade, or
something...." Packbell answered, half interested. He waved his hand in the
air.
     "No, Packbell. He will be executed in the morning." Sally answered.
Packbell's face got very serious, very fast.
     "You wouldn't..." Packbell growled. Packbell hated it when other people
called the shots.
     "If any other fighters in your glorious army wish to attack us, they
will receive the same fate." Sally said. Williams detached his computer,
causing Packbell's face to blink off, and ERROR blink on. Bookshire turned his
computer off, and looked at Sally.
     "You're not serious, are you?" Bookshire exclaimed.
     "I haven't decided yet." she answered grimly, and turned to walk out.
Her cape floated behind her.
     That evening, the delegates from the other villages were up, walking
around Knothole. A old, fat rabbit was walking around the garden. There was
nobody around, so he was enjoying the silence. He sat down on a stump, and
yawned. A twig snapped, and he jumped to turn around. Nothing behind him. He
sat back down, and was       ed from his seat from the darkness.
     "If you say anything old man, you'll be sorry." a voice from the
darkness whispered. He had his hand over the rabbits mouth. The rabbit opened
his mouth, and bit into the hand. A scream of pain followed, and the rabbit
bolted for town.
     "Help! There's somebody in the woods!" he cried. Sonic and Bunnie went
to find out what was going on.
     "What are you yellin' about!?" Bunnie exclaimed.
     "Somebody... out in the woods!" the rabbit panted. Sonic and Bunnie went
to the garden. When Sonic stopped at the edge of the forest, Bunnie dived
right in. Rustling was heard by Sonic for a second, then a laser shot could be
heard. Bunnie emerged from the forest, holding a struggling badger by the
scruff of the neck.
     "Let go!" he cried.
     "Not likely." Bunnie replied, and carried him over to the jail.
     "My goodness, who was that?!" the rabbit asked Sonic.
     "Looks like one of Packbell's goons tryin' to get Brutus." Sonic
replied. After Bunnie deposited the young badger into jail, she got Sally.
     "Guess what?" Bunnie asked.
     "Oh, no. What?" Sally moaned.
     "Looks like Packbell is sending in troops to get Brutus." Bunnie
answered.
     "Great. Let me go look at him." Sally got up, and walked over to the
prison.
     "Woodrow?" Brutus asked.
     "General Brutus! Sir!" the young badger said, snapping his heals, and
saluting Brutus.
     "Are you the rescue party?" Brutus asked.
     "Yeah!" Woodrow replied.
     "Great..." Brutus said. Bunnie walked into the jail, with Sally behind
her. Woodrow hid behind Brutus.
     "Okay, kid. C'mon out." Woodrow slowly rose out of Brutus's shadow.
     "My goodness! How old are you?" Sally asked, kneeling.
     "I will not divulge that information!" Woodrow announced.
     "Fourteen." Brutus answered.
     "Do you know what Packbell does to innocent animals?" Sally asked.
     "No, but he finds all traitors of Mobius, and..." Woodrow started.
     "Uh, oh. Ignorance seems to be a space on the job application for the
army." Bunnie said.
     "Son, you have no idea what you're into! Do you know who the queen of
Mobius is?" Sally asked.
     "No, but the emperor is Packbell." he chimed.
     "We need to talk." Sally led Woodrow out of jail to have a talk.

- - - -
Timeline- the next morning
- - - -

     Reveille. Felix seemed well enough to play again. Many residents wished
he wasn't. After a lot of moaning and groaning, everybody got up to eat. After
breakfast, the chores started. Felix and Tails had kitchen duty.
     "Man, I hate washing dishes." Felix groaned.
     "Why?" Tails asked, tying an apron around his waist.
     "I did them for four months straight in one village. After I left, I
swore to eat on napkins from then on." Felix said, and filled up the sink.
     "Why did you have to wash dishes for that long?" Felix stopped and
looked at Tails.
     "You don't want to know. With Felix's knowhow on the subject on
dishwashing, the entire load was done in ten minutes.
     "Okay, who's going to take out the trash?" Tails asked.
     "We'll flip for it." Felix said, taking out a coin from his vest pocket.
"Okay, heads or tails. Oh, excuse me. I shouldn't ask." Felix let the coin fly
from his hand, and land on the floor. A picture of King Acorn stared Tails in
the face.
     "Aw man!" Tails whined, and grabbed the trash bag. Felix stooped to pick
the coin up, and examined it. In the reflection of a dish, he could see both
sides of the coin. Both were heads. Felix smiled and slipped it into his vest.
Just then, Tails cried "Help!" Felix rushed outside to see what was the
matter. Another badger, older and meaner then Woodrow, had grabbed Tails.
Felix ran over, and stopped in front of Tails and the attacker.
     "Stop right there, kitty cat, or I'll break the kid's neck!" the badger
growled. He placed his arm across Tails's forehead, ready for Felix to react.
     "Go ahead." Felix said, and crossed his arms.
     "What?" Tails and the badger both said in unison. The badger was
surprised, and loosened his grip. Tails then swung his leg and hit the badger
hard in the... uh.. you know. He dropped Tails, and fell to the ground,
grabbing the afflicted area.
     "Get Bunnie. Now!" Felix ordered. Tails flew off at top speed. Felix
went over, put the badgers arms behind his back, and sat on him until Bunnie
arrived.
     "Not again!" Bunnie exclaimed, and picked the badger off the ground. She
went over to the jail, and tossed him in. He hit the opposing wall before he
landed. Sally entered.
     "Now what's your story, hot shot?" Sally asked.
     "Another one of the rescue party, and they will keep coming. Just give
it up, queenie." Brutus replied. Sally glared at him.
     "C'mon." Sally said. Brutus followed her into Bookshire's hut.
     "Bookshire, I need you to patch this message to every monitor, every
screen, every video relay in Mobius, and I want a connection to Packbell." she
ordered.
     "My queen, I don't know if I can do that." Bookshire said. A toilet
flushed, and Williams walked out of the bathroom.
     "I can, though." Williams said. "Bookshire, let's do it." Williams
hooked up his computer, and turned it on.
     "Okay, computer, I need every video screen in Mobius to be watching us."
Williams said. The computers whirred in unison, and flashed LINK ESTABLISHED a
couple of times.
     "And Packbell if you please." Bookshire asked. "Don't bother asking for
password. You know I can break it." The computer beeped, and Packbell's face
came on.
     "You're starting to annoy me, squirrel. Speak." Packbell snapped.
     "For treason and murder, I have sentenced Brutus to death." Sally said
in a grim voice. Brutus looked surprised.
     "He is a Brigadier General of Packbell's army. Any soldiers found by the
Freedom Fighters will be charged with treason, and also be sentenced to
death." Sally continued. She walked away from view, and brought back a laser
rifle. She aimed, and before Brutus could react, shot him square in the chest.
All in the room, except Sally, jumped in surprise.
     "Heed our warnings, citizens of Mobius. End link, computer." Sally said,
and all connections around the planet went black. She turned to Brutus, lying
in the corner, lifeless.
     "My god! You actually KILLED him!" Bookshire shrieked.
     "No. The laser was set on stun." Sally said. "I am no executioner."
     "What are we going to do with him, then?" Bookshire asked.
     "I will announce that when he wakes up." Sally said. Bunnie came over to
the hut, and carried the unconscious Brutus back to the jail.

     Four hours later, the guests from the other villages and all the other
residents of Knothole gathered to hear the fate of Brutus and the badger
announced by Sally.
     "Brutus, are you ready to hear sentencing." Sally asked.
     "I am." Brutus replied.
     "You are hear by banished from the reaches of the great forests and
Robotropoils, to the Lost Desert." Sally said. "Sonic, take the accused to the
Lost Desert." Sonic nodded, and grabbed four Power Rings. He picked up Brutus
over his shoulder, and left Knothole at five thousand miles an hour. In two
minutes, they arrived at an oasis in the middle of the Lost Desert, on the
other side of Mobius. Sonic dropped Brutus in the sand.
     "Goodbye, dirtbag." Sonic said, and ran off again at five thousand miles
an hour. Upon returning, he heard the sentence handed down to the other
prisoner.
     "You are hear by sentenced to return to Robotropoils and inform Packbell
of your failure, or return to your home and never leave." Sally said. The
badger got up, and walked off into the forest, never seen again.
     "Hey, what about the small fry!" Sonic asked.
     "He will be sentenced to go home with our guest from Red Rock Village."
Sally answered. Woodrow, after hearing the truth about Packbell, would go to
live with another badger in another village. After sentencing was read, Sally
and Sonic gave their goodbyes.
     Later that evening, Sally and Sonic were in their hut, just putting
Miles and Julayla to bed.
     "Sally.." Sonic asked.
     "Shh! In the other room." Sally whispered. They went in to the living
room.
     "Why were there such contrasting sentences, Sally?" Sonic asked.
     "You wouldn't believe me..." Sally replied, changing out of her royal
garb.
     "Go on." Sonic said.
     "Well, it seemed that the badger had a family. I don't know why. I just
felt that he wasn't assassin material." Sally replied, putting her crown in
the box it was presented to her in.
     "Then what about Brutus?" Sonic asked.
     "The same reason I thought that the badger was the family type. Brutus
was too vicious." Sally explained.
     "You need a better definition of laws, Sal." Sonic replied, and left to
go see Tails. In Bookshire's hut, Rotor was pulling apart Brutus's roboticized
arm. Unfortunately, it only provided spare parts.
     In Robotropolis, Packbell still sat at his desk, brooding over the
message Sally had sent him. Behind him, a bot silently rolled in.
     "Your Excellency..."it droned.
     "What!" Packbell snapped.
     "The Robotropolis army has disbanded...." it replied. Packbell swivelled
around to face the bot. Packbell jumped over the desk, and picked the bot up
to look it square in the eye. A good five feet off the ground, the bot didn't
react.
     "What did you say?" Packbell whispered in a rage stricken voice.
     "Lieutenant Bluetail, third in command, has announced the army has
disbanded." Packbell flung the bot against the wall, effectively smashing it
into scrap metal. He sat back down, and observed the screens.
     "That's the one variable I didn't figure into the formuli." Packbell
thought. "Fear of the consequences."

- - - -
Chapter Nine
Experience
by Felix Xavier Jinx
- - - -
Time line - December 20, 3237, one day before Felix's birthday.
- - - -

     Winter in Knothole. A blanket of snow eight inches deep covered the
town. Pathways carved scars into the white quilt. During the winter,
Robotropolis is always at a slow point, because machines do not operate well
in this weather. This gave everybody more free time, and for some, more
boredom.
     Felix, Rotor, Sonic and Bookshire were sitting in the dining hall,
wondering what to do.
     "So, whatcha want to do?" Rotor asked. He was draped backwards over a
chair, looking at the ceiling. At that moment, a snowball struck Bookshire in
the side of the head. Jumping up in surprise, he saw Tails and Nina standing
at the door. They both ran off laughing.
     "Okay, that's it." Bookshire growled at them, and ran outside, scooping
up snow as he did.
     "He's gonna need a posse." Felix said. The remaining three ran after
Bookshire to get Tails and Nina. After ten minutes, Sally and Bunnie were
drawn into this, and after fifteen minutes, everyone had chosen teams, and had
a snowball war. The fight continued for about ten more minutes, after which
Felix, Sonic, Rotor and Bookshire lost. They found out the hard way that
robots can make bigger snowballs, and air attacks take their toll as well.
     "We call for your unconditional surrender!" Sally yelled.
     "Never!" Sonic replied, but was distracted when he heard something in
the woods behind him. He raised an arm, calling for a cease fire, and crept
into the woods to see who it was. After ten seconds, he sprang out, and a
rhino, carrying a wooden box on his back, followed.
     "There a Jinx here?" he bellowed. Felix looked at everyone else, and
presented himself.
     "Uh, yeah?" he replied, kind of meekly. The rhino had to be at least
nine feet tall, nearly triple Felix's size.
     "Package for ya." the rhino replied. He dropped it in the snow, and
produced a clipboard.
     "Sign here." the rhino directed, and gave Felix a pen. Felix scratched
three X's on the clipboard, and gave it back. He looked at it and thought
Felix was nuts.
     "You're a courier?" Sally asked.
     "Yep." the rhino replied.
     "Who sent this." Sonic asked.
     "Should say on the package." The rhino replied. He stomped back into the
woods.
     "What could it be?" Tails asked, examining the box.
     The box was roughly twelve feet by six feet, and had an envelope stuck
on the side. Felix removed it, opened it, and read it aloud.
     "Ah hem! Dear Felix, Happy birthday. Hope you enjoy your present. See
you soon. Mom."
     "I'll get a crowbar." Bookshire replied. He went to his hut, and
retrieved a long crowbar, and pried the top of the box. Underneath the piece
of wood was a green felted table, with a hole in each corner, and a hole in
the middle of each of the long sides.
     "Oh my gosh! A billiard table!" Felix shouted. Everyone had a
questioning look on their face, except Bookshire. He dropped the crowbar, and
ran back to his hut. Inside, he threw open the closet door, dived in, and
after a minute, retrieved a small oblong box.
     "Here, let's get it inside." Felix said. Nina and Bunnie carried it into
the dining hall, and set it down in the middle of empty floor space.
     "Felix, what is a billiard table?" Tails asked. Everyone else agreed to
the question.
     "Billiards is a game. I'll teach you guys." Felix replied. He looked
under the table, and pulled out from under it a few boxes. Opening one, he
dumped it out onto the table. Sixteen balls rolled out, each very shiny. Each
had a number on it, and a different color. Some only had a stripe. One ball
was completely white. After he emptied that box, he moved onto another one. He
opened that, and found another box inside. Smallish, black, and oblong. He
opened this one, and found a billiard cue in two pieces. He took the out, and
screwed them together, making one long stick. He looked at          of the
cue, and gave a whistle, indicating the cue was extremely expensive. In the
third box, Felix found two one piece cues. In the fourth and final box, he
found a triangle rack, a diamond rack, and twelve dozen blue cubes, wrapped in
paper three fourths of the way, and a dimple on the top. After unloading the
merchandise, he threw away all the packaging.
     "Felix, you forgot one." Sally said, and handed him one more box. Inside
were fifteen red balls, a yellow ball, a black ball, a green ball, and a
purple ball.
     "Oh, mom. You didn't forget." He whispered. He closed the box, and
grabbed the triangle rack. "Okay..." Felix started while putting all the balls
within the rack. "Billiards is a game where you use this ball, to get these
balls into these pockets."
     "Using those sticks." Bookshire interrupted. He stood in the doorway
with a cue in his hand.
     "Bookshire! You play?" Felix asked in surprise.
     "Play! I was playing when you were in diapers! I used to be the Mobian
National Champion in 3222." Bookshire replied, and approached the table.
     "Okay, okay. Just play!" Sonic said. Everyone took a seat, and watched
Felix and Bookshire play the game 8-ball. Sally, Sonic, Nina, and Bunnie
became disinterested after a couple of games, but Rotor and Tails stayed and
watched.

     An hour later, tied at eight games a piece, Bookshire lined up his final
shot.
     "Corner." Bookshire muttered, and hit the cue ball directly into the
gleaming black eight ball, thus pocketing it. Tails and Rotor applauded.
     "Nice shot, Bookshire." Felix unscrewed his cue. Bookshire took         
of the cue from him, and looked at the bottom, giving out the same whistle
Felix did earlier.
     "So, where did you learn?" Bookshire asked.
     "I kinda taught myself." Felix replied. "Billiards is the most
sophisticated form of geometry."
     "What's geometry, Felix?" Tails asked.
     "Itza form of math, with shapes and angles." Felix answered. Tails got
up, and floated back into the snow. The question Tails asked stayed in Felix's
mind for awhile, and it brought about concern.
     That evening after dinner. Felix, Sally and Sonic were in the dining
hall. Sonic was holding Miles, and Sally, Julayla. Julayla pointed at the
billiard table and repeated "Ball" over and over again with pride. Miles just
gurgled, pointing at his sister.
     "Sally, has Tails ever been to school?" Felix asked. This question made
Sally think for a bit.
     "No. He hasn't. Why?" she asked.
     "We were lucky. We received an education. Well, more or less. The kids
around here today only know how to read and do simple arithmetic. I think
there should be a school established."
     "What do you mean more or less?" Sonic asked, not angry, but
inquisitive.
     "You guys had Julayla as a kind of teacher when you were younger. I had
my experiences bouncing around from town to town." Felix replied.
     "I don't know who would teach. You could do chemistry and math.
Bookshire could do history. But that's not enough." Sally replied.
     "I bet the towns around here would volunteer a few people. I'm sure they
have the same problem." Sonic added.
     "This idea could go a long way..." Sally said.
     "I'll tell you what. I'll go around, looking for potential teachers,
while a schoolroom is built here." Felix said.
     "When would you go?" Sonic asked.
     "Oh, anytime. Maybe before Packbell starts up again." Felix replied.
     "I like this idea." Sally said. "I'll tell everyone about it tomorrow.
But until then, it's time to get the little ones to bed." As Sonic and Sally
exited, Felix waved at Miles, who in turn waved both of his arms up and down
as fast as he could. Felix chuckled to himself, and the royal couple closed
the door. Bookshire entered a second later.
     "Rack em, boy!" Bookshire hissed. With a smile on his face, Felix jumped
to the command. The two played nine ball until 2300 hours.

- - - -

     Daybreak. The Mobian sun crept slowly over the mountains in the horizon.
It's rays entered Tails's hut with brute force, but did not hit Felix. Felix,
even though he was up late the night before, was up early this morning. Each
birthday he had, he was determined to get the most out of it. In the dining
hall, he was practicing three cushion bank shots on the new table he got, when
Sir Charles walked in.
     "Good morning Felix. Happy birthday!" Charles greeted. Charles stopped,
and walked over to the table to examine it. "Very nice. Did this arrive
yesterday?" he asked.
     "Yep. Would you play a game with me?" Felix asked in return.
     "I'm afraid I would beat you." Charles replied.
     "Aww, c'mon. You seem so sure."
     "Okay..." Charles sighed. He picked up a cue, while Felix racked nine
balls in the diamond rack. After he removed the frame, Charles studied the
nine balls for about ten seconds, and got in position to break.
     "Nine ball in the left corner pocket." Charles announced. Felix gave a
surprised look while Charles broke. He broke with such power only supplied
from a robot. Every ball, except the nine, bounced and ricocheted wildly. The
nine however, lurched slowly to the left hand corner pocket, and fell.
     "Uh, good game." Felix replied. He put away his cue, and retrieved his
trumpet. After he got his trumpet, he jumped atop the roof and blew the
infamous reveille. Slowly, but surely, the animals got up. After the normal
routine of breakfast, and morning chores, everyone gathered again in the
dining hall to discuss the future school.
     "Okay. We are planning to build a school for the children of Knothole
and surrounding towns. So far, we need teachers. Do we have any volunteers?"
Sally asked. After some chatter, no one raised their hands.
     "I'm sorry, my queen." a voice called out from the back. "But I don't
think any of us are teacher material."
     "Okay, that's fine. We will be sending out scouts for new teachers in a
week. On to other business, today is Felix Xavier Jinx's eighteenth birthday.
And in Knothole tradition..." Sally raised her hands, and all present rose to
their feet.
     "One, two..."
     "This is your birthday song, But it isn't very long..." At the end of
the so called song, everybody sat down. This left Felix standing, laughing his
head off.
     "Oh, ha, ha. That was good! I'll have to remember that." He sat down and
finished laughing. (Singing that ridiculous song was not Knothole tradition.
It was just something silly brought up by the queen.)
     "And now for the presents." Sonic announced. Felix's face lit up.
     "You had better get you gun, Felix." Bookshire said. He got up and
hobbled out the door. Everyone else followed. Felix retrieved his BB gun, and
followed everyone over into the garden. As Felix stepped into the garden
itself, he found himself to be alone. Silence surrounded him. He thought they
were going to pull a prank on him, so he waited in the knee high snow. Behind
him, a grinding sound growled through the bushes. Felix jumped around, and saw
a SWATbot spring out. Surprised, he yelped and fired four shots into the
robots head. Before Felix got a bearing on what was going on. The SWATbot fell
backwards into the hedges. Felix trotted over to the bushes to investigate,
but before he could see the dead bot, another grinding noise was heard behind
him. Felix swung around, gun ready. In front of him, with a snowball in his
robotic hand, was Robotnick.
     "What the...?" Felix whispered. He dropped his gun. Robotnick launched
the snowball, like a catapult, at Felix. Felix ducked the missile, and fired
three shots into the chest of Robotnick. He fell backward into the snow behind
him. Felix jumped the hedge that blocked the view of Robotnick, and peered
over. With a better look, he saw Robotnick was a hay stuffed bag painted with
skill. It was mounted on a board attached to the ground. While Felix was
examining it, he got two snowballs to the back of the head.
     "Hey!" he snapped, and looked over his shoulder. Two SWATbots were
standing behind him. They were the ones who threw the snowballs. "Irritate
Freedom Fighter! Priority one!" they droned.
     "You would have been dead, Felix." Bookshire called. He stood up,
holding three ropes in his hand. "Do you like your shooting range?"
     "Shooting range?! I thought this was an all out invasion!" Felix yelled.
"But, it was fun. Thank you!" He trudged back to town, wiping snow off the
back of his head.
     December twenty first is the winter solstice, and that means it got dark
at about 1600 hours. Once again, Felix was playing billiards, and talking to
Sally.
     "Yeah, I would like to go as soon as possible. I kinda miss being in the
great outdoors." Felix said, as he pocketed the four in the side pocket.
     "How about tomorrow?" Sally asked. Felix stood up, and thought for a
second.
     "Yeah. I will." Felix replied with a smile.
     "Tomorrow, what?" Tails asked. He walked in, shaking snow off his
jacket.
     "Oh!" Felix said in surprise. "Um, I'm going on a little trip."
     "Cool! Can I come?" Tails asked. Surprisingly, Sally didn't say "No"
immediately. She thought for a second.
     "Hmm. Let's go ask Sonic." Sally replied. She exited, and walked across
the yard to her hut. Felix and Tails followed. When she opened the door, he
saw Sonic with Miles and Julayla by one leg, in midair. All three were
laughing hard.
     "Hi, Sally!" Sonic exclaimed. He put the two babies down, and they both
ran off into the next room. "What's up?"
     "You know Felix is leaving to look for staff in our new school?"
     "Yeah."
     "Well, Tails wants to go with him." Sally said. Surprisingly, Sonic
didn't say "No" immediately either. He thought for a second.
     "Felix, how long will you be gone?" Sonic asked.
     "Uh, bout a month?" Felix replied.
     "Hmm." Sonic thought. "And you don't mind if he comes?" Tails's face was
lighting up more and more after each question.
     "No, not at all. I would like to have him along." Felix replied.
     "So be it. On January the first, you will accompany Felix on his trip to
recruit teachers for the new school." Sonic announced to Tails.
     "Yeah!" Tails jumped for joy, and flew straight up into the night sky,
and descended a minute later. When he landed, he hugged Sonic.
     "Oh, thank you Sonic!" Tails exclaimed.
     "Yes, yes. You're welcome. Now let go!" Sonic exclaimed. Tails was
squeezing him tightly.
     "Hey, Blue? Why on the first?" Felix asked.
     "I just want you guys around for the holidays before you take off." he
replied. "In the mean time, you might teach him survival skills."
     "Okay. Tails!" Felix called. Tails walked back to Felix.
     "Yeah?" he asked.
     "When we are out and about, there are three things to remember. One, my
name is "Pedro" if we ever come across a pack of monkeys or dogs. Two, don't
eat anything green unless I say so, and three, and this is the most important
one of all..."
     "Yeah?..." Tails asked.
     "Don't ever, EVER, trust a snake to watch your stuff. Got it?"
     "Yeah! Thanks, Felix." Tails replied, and ran off in the night.
     "What was that?" Sonic asked. "Those are pretty poor survival skill if
you ask me."
     "Well, those are the three things I learned the hard way, and each of
those three were the hardest on me." Felix said. "And I'm still too
embarrassed to explain."
     "Well, okay." Sonic replied.
     "This trip will give Tails a lot of new experiences. Thank you for
taking him, Felix." Sally said.
     "Aww, it's nothing. I'm real fond of Tails myself, and the idea of
teaching someone to be like me sounds great." Felix replied. Sally grimaced at
this idea. Felix took notice. "Not exactly like me!" Felix added.

- - - -
Time line - Christmas Day, 3237
- - - -

     Christmas. The one day everyone is up before Felix's trumpet. By
daybreak, all the children of Knothole were tearing open presents. Everyone in
Knothole got exactly what they wanted. Felix received a video entitled "Trick
Shots Revisited". Tails received his backpack slash sleeping bag (just in time
for his trip), and Sally got a twenty Mobium note, along side her baby
picture, in a silver frame. Later that day, after the feast Antoine prepared,
Felix was watching his video in Bookshire's hut, taking mental notes. Tails
interrupted him.
     "Hey, Tails! How ya doing?" Felix replied, with eyes still glued to the
screen. "Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?"
     "Uh, Felix, I kinda know Santa isn't real." Tails replied. Felix looked
at him with a hurt look.
     "Santa is to real!" Felix exclaimed.
     "No he isn't Felix." Tails said.
     "Saint Christopher, he lived about three thousand years ago." Felix
paused his video, just as a cue ball was airborne. "He went down chimneys and
delivered presents to little girls and boys."
     "Wow! Really?"
     "Yep." Felix replied. He unpaused his video, and Bookshire ran in.
     "Felix! Turn it off! Now!" Bookshire exclaimed. Felix obeyed. Bookshire
ran to his computer, and began typing commands.
     "Hook that cable up, Tails!" he called. Tails did, and the television
displayed static. After another command, the television picked up a picture.
     "The Independence Day marathon of The Twilight Zone will now continue."
boomed out of the T.V.
     "What's Independence Day, Book?" Tails asked.
     "Don't know, but I'm picking these signals up from a planet over one
thousand parsecs away! These signals have been traveling through space for
roughly two thousand years!"
     "Wow! Let's watch it!" Felix said, and the three sat to watch.
     "You enter through this door with the key of imagination...."
     "This is excruciatingly primitive..." Bookshire muttered, seeing the
window break.
     ""The Obsolete Man", huh? Looks like a theater production." Felix
commented. Afterwards, however, the three found the episode very entertaining,
and scary. One could apply the episode directly to life in Knothole, with
every Mobian citizen a Romny Wordsworth. Bookshire became interested, and
recorded the remainder of the marathon.

- - - -
Time line - 2355 hours, December 31, 3237
- - - -

     Every resident in Knothole was in the dining hall, celebrating the
coming of the new year. Bookshire brought Erin to the celebration. Outside the
hut, the snow was falling gently on the town. Tails was already asleep, as was
about every other child in Knothole, except Miles and Julayla. They partied as
hard as everyone else.
     Under the giant oak that grew next to Rotor's house, Bookshire and Erin
sat on a giant root that acted as a bench.
     "How many minutes, Book?" Erin asked.
     "About ninety seconds." he replied. Then he got up, and in a tremendous
display of effort (and pain), he kneeled (on his bad leg, and Erin knew this)
in front of her.
     "Now, I know that I've known you for all of about six months, but I've
never felt this way about anything." He pulled out of his pocket a box. Inside
the box was a ring crusted with diamonds. (It cost nearly two thousand Mobium.
Let's just say Bookshire will be doing without certain luxuries for awhile.)
     "Erin, will you.. mmmph." Erin placed her hand over his mouth.
     "In a heartbeat." She removed her hand, and kissed Bookshire long and
passionately; they continued long after 3237 had died.
     "Oh, Bookshire, I love you." Erin whispered.
     "You're not marrying me for the money, are you?" Bookshire asked, trying
hard to keep a straight face. He didn't, and the two raccoons were the first
ones to laugh on Mobius in 3238.

- - - -
Time line - Next year. (You know I mean next morning.)
- - - -

     Reveille. The residents hoped Felix would relent on New Year's Day. They
grumbled, and trudged through the snow. Inside, they enjoyed the warmth of the
dining hall, and of Antoine's pancakes.
     "Hey..." Felix said to Sonic with a mouthful. "Where's (gulp)
Bookshire?"
     "Mmm mm mmm." Sonic replied, shrugging his shoulders. "I'll be right
back." Sonic wiped his mouth, and went across the yard to Bookshire's hut.
     "Hey Book! Breakfast is getting cold!" Sonic said as he rapped on the
door. The door cracked open, revealing Bookshire's haggard face.
     "Uh, what?" he muttered.
     "What's the matter? Can I come in?" Sonic asked, concerned he was sick.
     "Uh, no, no. Not a good idea. No." Bookshire croaked. Sonic looked over
the raccoons head, to see a female raccoon behind him, sitting up in
Bookshire's bed.
     "Hi, Sonic." Erin said. Sonic looked Bookshire in the eye, patted him on
the shoulder, and walked back to the dining hall.

     Later that morning, Felix and Tails were packing up for the trip ahead
of them.
     "Now remember, Tails. You have to carry what you bring." Felix said as
he was packing up his belongings.
     "Um... okay." Tails replied, and replaced the stack of comic books back
in his dresser drawer.
     "Well, I'm set, Felix. Let's go." Tails barked, slipping his thick coat
on. A knock rapped on the door. Sally entered.
     "Hello, guys. Um, Felix, do you have a coat?" Sally asked.
     "No." Felix said.
     "Well, you'll need one." Sally said, and reached around the door to get
a thick, black winter coat.
     "Hmm. My favorite color." Felix said, holding it up.
     "It's got pockets inside pockets. You can hide tons of stuff in this if
you wanted. Merry Christmas." Sally said, and gave Felix a kiss on the cheek.
     "And for you Tails. This communicator patches right into Nicole. If you
ever need anything, call up." Sally presented Tails with a small, red box with
a monitor on the front.
     "Cool. Thanks, Aunt Sally." Tails said, and hugged her.
     "Okay! We're off." Felix announced, and put his coat and backpack on.
When the two left, everybody waved bye.
     Tails flew by Felix as they passed through the woods Tails knew well.
Eventually, the woods got less and less familiar, and Tails followed Felix.
They walked for at least four hours through the thick snow. After a while,
they entered into the clearing, and in the middle was a white building, with a
steeple and a cross on one side.
     "Finally!" Felix exclaimed. "Come on, we'll go inside."
     "Okay." Tails said, and the two entered the building. Tails saw nothing
like it. It was huge. The organ music that bellowed through the place made it
seem bigger.
     "Wow. What is this place?" Tails asked, whispering in awe.
     "It's a church, Tails." Felix replied. The organ music stopped, and a
badger dressed in black, approached the two.
     "Felix! Hello!" he called.
     "Hello, Father." Felix replied, shaking his hand.
     "Father?" Tails thought.
     "Father, this is Tails. Say hello."
     "Uh, hi." Tails greeted kind of reluctantly. He was still confused over
the father deal.
     "Hello, Tails." the badger greeted back. "Do you go to church often?"
     "Um... no. Actually." Tails replied.
     "Tails has had no real religious background." Felix answered.
     "My boy!" the badger chuckled. "Have you no idea who created Mobius
itself?"
     "No." Tails replied innocently. The badger smiled, and took Tails out of
the church, to his house. There he learned about the benevolent God that
created Mobius and the animals that roam it. He learned of heaven, of hell,
and the animals who were saints. The entire time, Felix was in the background,
watching and remembering the same lessons given to him by the kindly badger
ten years ago.
     That night, the badger offered them a room away from the cold January
night. In the dark room, Tails spoke up.
     "Felix?" Tails asked.
     "Hmmm?" Felix answered, half asleep.
     "Is it true what happens to all the bad people when they die."
     "Uh, yeah." Felix replied in the dark.
     "What about Packbell?" This question caused Felix to sit up and think
about it.
     "Well...." Felix started. "I don't know exactly. However, you should
concern yourself about you, and staying out of trouble, and doing good things
like the father said."
     "Okay." Tails replied. He turned over. Felix laid back down. Tails
started up again.
     "Felix?" Tails asked.
     "Hmmm?" Felix answered. He did a good job holding back the irritation of
being kept awake.
     "Have I been good so far?" Tails asked. Felix smiled.
     "The best."

      In the morning, after a warm breakfast, and a fond farewell, Tails and
Felix were trudging through the snow. After an hour of walking, the two
entered into a dense thicket of trees. It was so dense, no snow covered the
ground. Inside the trees, a small clearing opened up with no snow on the
floor. Tails could swear it was ten degrees warmer than outside. (Not that it
was warm enough to take off his jacket.)
     "Okay, Tails. We'll stop here." Felix said, and dropped his backpack.
Tails did the same.
     "Why?" Tails asked.
     "Tails, do you see the berries that grow on these trees?" Felix asked,
pointing to the bright green orbs that grew on the trees.
     "Yeah."
     "Well, we need to pick about five pounds of these, and what ever you do,
do NOT eat a single one." Felix said. Tails nodded his head, and floated up to
the top, picking berries. Felix worked on the lower level. In about two hours,
the two had approximately five pounds.
     "Okay, now, we need a pot, and a fire. Gather some wood, if you please,
Tails." Tails did, and got a large pile started. Felix retrieved his
magnifying glass.
     "Whatcha looking at?" Tails asked.
     "Nothing. Watch." Felix whispered, and tilted the glass. A circle of
light appeared on the wood, and shrunk into a pinpoint. In seconds, smoke
poured out, and a fire was produced. Tails watched in amazement.
     "Wow!" Tails whispered. "How..."
     "The sun. I used the magnifying glass to bend the rays of the sun, and
concentrate them on one spot."
     "Neat." Tails replied. Felix dumped the berries into a pot, and set it
on the fire. He mashed the berries into a lumpy cream. After it was warmed up,
he spit into it.
     "Ugh!" Tails exclaimed in disgust. "I'm not eating that now!"
     "You weren't going to in the first place. This is for someone else."
Felix replied, and stirred the concoction. Tails still looked at the pot with
a sickening look. After twenty minutes, he took the pot of the fire. Then he
dumped it in the dirt, and rolled it around with the stick he was using. Tails
still looked disgusted. Finally, after Felix had completely congealed the
stuff into a long cylinder, he wrapped the stuff in green leaves.
     "That is disgusting. I'm glad it's not for me." Tails said.
     "Nope. We're gonna sell it."
     "That?!" Tails asked in surprise. "To who?"
     "You'll see." Felix said. Tails extinguished the fire, and both put on
their backpacks on. Again they trudged through the snow, until they came up to
a mountain that overlooked a camp. The residents of the camp were composed of
dogs and monkeys.
     "Here we are." Felix announced. "What's my name, Tails."
     "Uh, Pedro?" Tails responded, unsure.
     "Good boy. Let's go." Tails and Felix walked down the long slope of the
mountain, and came to the town. The camp, upon better inspection, looked like
it had seen better days. About one hundred animals where lounging about. The
residents of the camp looked very excited to see them. One small dog, a leader
perhaps, came up to them.
     "Hello, Pedro." The dog greeted. "Long time, no see, eh?"
     "Hi." Felix answered. The dog noticed the item he carried.
     "Ah. Old Nick." The dog took the package, and took a deep whiff it.
     "Ahhhh." he sighed. "Okay, Thomas, get the scale." A monkey lowered
itself from an overhead tree, holding a scale that looked very accurate. The
dog took it, set it on the ground, and placed the green cylinder on it. In
digital numbers, it weighed six pounds.
     "Okay, Pedro. That's worth 'bout a big one. K?" he said.
     "Okay." Felix replied, trying to keep the conversation short. Another
monkey hopped up, and handed the dog a brown bag. The dog took it and handed
it to Felix. After Felix took the bag, he turned and darted out of town. Tails
followed as fast as he could fly. When the two were a good quarter mile out of
town, Felix stopped, and opened the bag.
     "What... what was that all about?" Tails panted.
     "They bought the stuff we made." Felix replied, and opened the crumpled
brown paper bag. Inside were ten one hundred Mobium notes. Tails mouth hung
open. He had never seen that much cash in his life. Felix looked down on the
town. Ten monkeys were fighting over the Old Nick, and eventually tore it into
pieces. Felix lifted the collar around his neck, and the two continued through
the snow.
     Meanwhile, back in Knothole, Charles was working on a project that was a
least a year old. The Deroboticizer looked menacingly like the Roboticizer.
While Charles fiddled with the control panel, Bookshire and Rotor watched.
     "Do you think...?" Rotor started.
     "It will work this time?" Charles finished, almost with an annoyed tone.
"I don't know." He latched the top of the control panel on the machine, and
hit a button. The glass tube descended on top of the pad where robots were to
stand.
     "Well, until Sonic and Bunnie come back, we wait." Charles sighed, and
made a motion to wipe his brow. This had no purpose, but Charles did it
anyway, to add the effect that he was still an animal. Outside, Sonic and
Bunnie dragged in a semi-functional worker bot.
     "Okay, Chuck. Where ya want him?" Bunnie asked. Charles pointed to the
pad, and pushed a button to raise the glass. The sight of the Deroboticizer
caused Bunnie to shutter. Sonic and Bunnie placed the bot on top of the pad,
and the glass descended. Charles pushed a few buttons, and paused.
     "Here it goes." he whispered, and pushed a large red button. A brilliant
flash illuminated the room for about ten seconds, blinding everybody. The
Deroboticizer was reorganizing, atom by atom, the metal and plastic back to
flesh and bone. If one were to see the transformation, he or she would find it
necessary to locate a container to heave into. The transformation, in its own
horrid, disgusting way, was an awesome and beautiful sight. After the light
has dissipated, a DING went off, like that of a microwave. Charles was the
first one to look. On the pad, in the glass tube, was a middle aged badger.
     He was dead.
     The Deroboticizer did it's job. It turned the bot into a badger, but the
utter shock to the system caused a synaptic breakdown. The badger felt
nothing. Deep inside Charles, feeling fought with other feelings. He didn't
know whether to dance with joy, or weep with remorse. His scientific reasoning
took over, and he accepted the fact that not only was this was the first test
run of the machine, but the badger would have died anyway if it had lived,
from all the toxins in his body. It was, in fact, better this way.
     "It works." Charles announced. The rest of the group looked, and saw the
dead badger.
     "Oh, mah." Bunnie said in awe. She shed a tear for the deceased, but
also thought to herself she would finally be whole again.
     "My word!" Bookshire exclaimed. "It works."
     "To a point. Bookshire, I need to perform an autopsy. Will you assist?"
Charles grimly asked. Bookshire nodded. Charles and Bookshire carried the
badger over to Bookshire's hut, where the body was examined.

     Tails and Felix were now at this point, tired of walking. Tails was even
tired of flying. The two were in need of diversion. They sat in the snow,
thinking.
     "So, now what?" Tails asked.
     "I forgot how boring trekking was." Felix replied. "We need a city with
lots of stuff to spend money on." Tails nodded his head in agreement.
Suddenly, in front of the two, appeared two humans. One was dressed in a
dilapidated robe, and pajamas. The other one, slightly rounder, and shorter,
was dressed casually, and carried a book with a cover that had "Don't Panic"
written in large red friendly letters.
     "Arthur.." spoke the shorter man.
     "Ford.."spoke Arthur.
     "Do I see a fox with two tails?" Ford asked. Tails nodded, bewildered.
     "Good. I'm not insane." Ford said, and the two blinked out of sight,
with a sound that sounded like a hundred thousand people saying "whop".
     "Okay. That was strange." Felix said. He stood up.
     "We had better go find a town, where less strange things happen." Tails
added. The two were off trekking, once again.

     Approximately a hundred miles away from Felix and Tails, Packbell sat at
his desk, watching a monitor. He was watching a documentary on Earth's WWII.
Bookshire was not the only one aware that two millennia old television waves
were catching up to Mobius. Into the office walked in Ivo. Ivo was an android
constructed by Packbell, and acted in the same way Packbell acted when Dr.
Robotnick was in power; as second in command. Only Packbell was smart enough
to make this version mind-numbingly loyal.
     "Ivo?" Packbell asked.
     "Yes, you majesty?" Ivo replied, with a voice that was a mix of a
psychopath and a twelve year old school boy, all being fed through a drive
thru window squawk box.
     "The Allied forces in World War Two used a tactic that nearly completely
wiped out Germany off the map."
     "Yes?" Ivo replied.
     "Saturation, Ivo. The Allied forces poured so much explosive on top of
that country, that the war went downhill for the Axis from then on."
     "Brilliant." Ivo replied, trying to sound awe stricken.
     "When spring comes again, I have another plan." Packbell said, and cast
and evil grin.
     "History does repeat itself." Ivo said, catching the gist of Packbell's
plan. The two androids both laughed maniacally, filling the halls of
Robotropolis with the sound.

     Felix and Tails, after a little more walking, came across a small white
house that sat on the edge of a town. Felix must have known the resident,
because he walked right up to the door, and knocked loudly. After a second, a
bird answered the door. The bird was bright red, kind of ratty, with a short
bill that stuck straight out from his head.
     "Oh, hi, Felix. Come in." the bird greeted, not with very much
enthusiasm. Felix and Tails entered the bird's house.
     "Hi, James." Felix replied. Upon entering the house, Tails was amazed.
Every wall, in every room, was covered with books. The two made there way into
the living room, where more books lay. James sat upon a stack of books. Taking
this as an invitation, Tails stacked about twenty loose books and sat down a
well.
     "James, this is Tails." Felix introduced.
     "Hi, Tails. Have you..." James started, and stopped.
     "Uh, yeah?" Tails asked.
     "You have..." James sputtered, and moved towards Tails. "Two tails!"
James nearly flew into the next room. He came back with a large book, titled
"Rare Gene Mutations". Tails was slightly offended at this.
     "I am not a mutant." Tails stated. James shushed him, and flipped a few
pages. Tails was now extremely offended. He jumped up, and slapped the book
out of his hands. "Now look here!" Tails exclaimed. James cowered in the
corner, cradling his book. "If you are SOOO interested in the fact that I have
an extra tail, you might want to check a book on "Recessive Chromosomes in the
Vulpine Family". I believe the chance of this happening..." Tails grabbed his
tail, waving it. "Are two hundred million to one against! And, I might add, I
am quite happy with it!" Tails sat down, red in the face. Felix was
dumbfounded. He had never heard Tails so angry, or sound so smart. James
slowly stood up, and set the book down carefully.
     "I'm, I'm sorry. I had...." James started, stricken with fear. "Oh, I
hope you understand."
     "Well, I do." Tails replied, with a calmed voice. "It's understanding
that allows people like me to deal with people like you." James was extremely
angry at Tails for this remark, and extremely embarrassed when he saw Felix
try desperately to keep from laughing; after all, James thought, I am ten
times smarter that this freak of nature. He didn't say anything, and looked
for a book that Tails had mentioned.
     "Tails!" Felix exclaimed. "Where did you learn all that?"
     "My dad bought a book when I was born. I read it." Tails replied. James
returned, with the book. He looked at Tails, afraid that he might eat him.
James sat opposite Tails about ten feet, reading the book. Sure enough, he
found the gene Tails talked about, and a photo taken over three hundred years
ago of another baby fox with a second tail.
     "Now, James," Felix started. "In Knothole..."
     "Oh, the Freedom Fighter camp next to Robotropolis." James interrupted.
     "Yeah." Felix continued. "We are building a school. I was wondering if
you would like to be our science teacher and librarian." James face lit up
slightly. The prospect of teaching interested James.
     "How much does it pay?" he asked.
     "Well, nothing. Room and board. But James, this goes beyond money...."
Felix started.
     "Nope. Not interested." James ejaculated. "however, you are welcome to
books." Felix nodded slightly, realizing he lost the compromise.
     "Does Tails have any formal science training?" James asked.
     "No." Tails answered. James jumped up, and grabbed Tails by the arm, and
brought him into the adjoining room. Behind him, James shut the door as Felix
squeezed past. The room was completely dark.
     "Watch." James whispered, and a click could be heard. In a second, an
explosion of brilliant light filled the room. This startled Felix and Tails.
On the ceiling and walls, beautiful formations of light flowed passed.
     "Wow!" Felix exclaimed. "What is this?"
     "This," James breathed. "Is the creation of the universe."

      Light beamed out of Bookshire's hut on to the snow outside. The
chronometer chimed the quarter hour of twenty three hundred hours. Bookshire,
in a heavy rubber apron and respirator, and Charles, were hunched over the
mangled corpse of the badger they had deroboticized.
     "This poisoning can be reversed by the Deroboticizer." Charles said to
Bookshire. "The synaptic breakdown can also be prevented if I reduce the
amount of deroboticizing in one procedure."
     "So your saying someone would be derobo only, say, part way at a time?"
Bookshire replied with a muffled voice.
     "Yes." Charles replied. "Maybe ten percent, I think."
     "It beats nothing." Bookshire said. "Are we done?" He looked at the
badger cadaver with solemn disgust.
     "Yes, I think so. We need to get a pyre started."
     "Okay. Hold on." Bookshire said, and left his hut. He returned with the
apron and mask, and threw them on the couch. Within an hour, a blazing fire
was burning. Only Bookshire and Charles were there to mourn the victim of
Packbell as he cremated.

     "The Big Bang my boy!" James explained. "As seen by me! I wrote this
program. Five BILLION years ago, there was nothing!" James's voice dropped.
"Then, BOOM! All the universe's helium and hydrogen was created within the
first half hour! Is that amazing?!"
     "Wait." Tails said. "God created the universe. Not some explosion."
Felix gulped. A holy war was going to take place.
     "Now that is absurd. A being, even as supreme as God could not create
this boundless universe in seven days!" James exclaimed.
     "He didn't." Tails replied calmly. James smiled. "He did it in one."
James was now on the offensive.
     "So you throw evolution out the window with five little words, huh?"
James responded.
     "Evolution?" Tails asked.
     "Tails..." Felix said. "Let James tell you his side of the story first.
He has already studied your side. BUT..." Felix said, pointing at James. "You
have to teach, not preach. Understand?" James nodded his head. For an hour,
Tails was given a crash course (and when I mean crash, I mean the kind of
crash that explodes into a fiery ball, sliding into dozens of towns, killing
at least four hundred people and destroying a forest along the way.) in
evolution and science.
     "So, I was, or my great to the nineteenth power grandfather crawled out
of a pool of slime?" Tails asked James with disgust.
     "Yep." James replied.
     "Okay, I've had enough." Tails replied, and picked up his coat and
backpack. He flew out the door (literally). James ran after him.
     "That's physically impossible!" he yelled.
     "Watch!" Tails yelled back.
     Felix uttered a hurried goodbye, and ran after Tails.
     "Tails! Come down!" Felix yelled. Tails did so.
     "That guy was a jerk!" Tails exclaimed.
     "I know, I know. But he was teaching you the FACTS of evolution. You can
show more patience." Felix said.
     "Facts! What about God, and the seven days, and everything else!" Tails
asked, a bit exasperated.
     "Can I tell you what I believe, Tails?" Felix asked, and sat right down
in the snow. Tails did the same.
     "I believe that God set up the Big Bang Himself. And the seven days he
did it were His days. A day to Him would be four billion years to us. He also
set up evolution." Tails face remained blank.
     "Really?" Tails asked.
     "I believe in both. It's up to you what you think. Both versions are
true." Felix said. "But don't sweat it now. We gotta go into town." Tails got
up.
     "Sounds like fun." Tails replied, and the two walked a half mile into
town.

     In Knothole, Bunnie and Sonic had captured another worker bot; a
squirrel. Charles was going to attempt another deroboticization, only this
time he was going to do the head. He figured this wouldn't kill the animal
inside. Sonic and Bunnie dragged the bot inside, unconscious. Charles directed
them to put the bot on the pad where the glass would descend. They placed the
bot on the pad, hunched and crooked.
     "Okay. Let's do it." Charles said, and dropped the glass. On the
monitor, a body diagram had a red box enclosing the head, with 10% flashing
beside it.
     "Okay, now!" Charles started, and everybody present averted their eyes.
A brilliant flash filled the room. Charles watched. The crumpled heap of
roboticized squirrel now hovered in the glass tube, chest sticking out, arms
and legs hanging limp. The metal slowly gave way to fur and skin. In a minute,
the process stopped. Inside on the pad, in a heap, breathing heavily, was a
worker bot, with the head of a squirrel.
     "It worked! Ha, ha! My god, it worked!" Charles yelled. He slapped a
button, raising the glass. Everyone looked, and were awestruck to see the head
of the squirrel. Sonic and Sally rushed to his side, and helped him up. He was
in a lot of pain. They carried him to their hut, where Miles and Julayla were
playing. They let the three through, and watched at a distance. Losing
interest, they resumed playing.
     "Okay. Let him rest." Sally said after they laid him down on their bed.
Bookshire and Rotor followed the two in. Bookshire had a stethoscope, and
placed against the chest of the squirrel. A metallic thump pealed through
every third of a second.
     "Well, I think he'll live." Bookshire chuckled, and removed the
stethoscope. "He's gonna live." The four looked out the window, and saw
Charles yelling and screaming in joy, jumping and dancing.

     Town nearly brought a shock to Tails's system. The neon light, the smoke
of a thousand cigarettes, and the people. Tails had never seen so many people
concentrated in one spot before. This was starting to infect Tails with
claustrophobia.
     "Hey, uh, Felix!..." Tails yelled, just barely being able to stay on his
tail. "Any chance we can get of the street?" Felix swerved into a building,
and Tails followed. They wound up in a lobby of a building, infinitely less
crowded than the street. Behind the counter was a mean looking cat, with about
a pound of jewelry around his neck and in his ears.
     "What do ya want?" he asked.
     "Uh, yeah. We need a room." Felix stated, and dug around in his pocket.
     "We're booked solid." the cat sneered.
     "Mr. Acorn says otherwise." Felix said, waving a hundred Mobium note,
with the picture of King Acorn staring him in the face. The cat smiled a black
grin.
     "Right this way, gentlemen." the cat walked upstairs. As he came into
full view, Tails could see his right leg had been roboticized. He nearly said
something, but something kept him from doing so. They followed the cat up to
the top floor, where he stopped at a door. The cat opened it, and waved them
in, smiling that black grin. Felix smiled back, and gave the cat a twenty
Mobium note. The grin vanished.
     "And what happened to the King?" the cat sneered.
     "Have fun with the princess." Felix deftly shut the door with Tails
inside. The cat lurched downstairs cursing.
     "Wow! This place is cool, Felix!" Tails exclaimed. It was luxury at its
not so finest, but still impressed the hell out of whoever came in it. Sixty
inch television, a refrigerator full of good stuff. A prostitute on the bed.
     "Hi guys!" She said. A fox, beautiful as make-up and cloth could make
her, sat on the bed.
     "Sorry, we won't be needing your services, my lady." Felix said, and
ushered her out the door.
     "Who was that?" Tails asked, looking in the refrigerator.
     "The maid." Felix blurted out. "I stink."
     "Yeah, I'll say." Tails laughed. "Man, take a shower."
     "Thank you." Felix replied, bowing slightly. Felix took his coat of and
retreated to the bathroom.

     "Ivo, where did you go?" Packbell asked, almost mad, into the
microphone.
     "I'm down in the lab, Commander. Join me. You would be impressed." Ivo
replied.
     "You know how hard it is to do that." Packbell said. "But I'll come down
anyway." Packbell got up out of his chair, and walked downstairs. He entered
the weapons lab, where new weapons were created. Here, Ivo was holding a rifle
that looked like it could mow down half of Mobius before it needed recharging.
     "What is that? Packaging does nothing for me." Packbell growled.
     "Watch." Ivo droned. "SWATbots!" Two SWATbots escorted a dog into the
room.
     "Let go of me, ya (obscenities continue for thirty seconds.)" Ivo pulled
the trigger, and a blinding flash of light filled the room. When Packbell was
able to see again, the dog disappeared.
     "So what? You've vaporized him." Packbell scoffed, unimpressed.
     "No, sir. Note that there are THREE bots before you." Ivo said, and
pointed to the metal trio. Packbell laughed hard. He laughed long. He had
never had a good laugh.
     "Ivo!" Packbell laughed. "I want ten thousand of those things by Sunday!
My word! By Robotnick's head, we have those stupid Freedom Fighters!" He
walked off, laughing.

     "Man, I love this place." Felix sighed. He sat on a ridiculously soft
couch in a large white terry cloth bathrobe. The bathroom door opened, and
Tails walked out in the same type robe Felix had.
     "They just give these to you?" he asked.
     "Yeahhhhh." Felix replied, and sank deeper into the couch. He was
asleep. Tails dug through is backpack, and retrieved the communicator Sally
had given to him. He pressed         on on the side, and the screen fizzed. In
a few seconds, Sally appeared.
     "Hi Aunt Sally!" Tails barked.
     "Tails! Hello! Are you having a good time?" she asked.
     "Oh, yeah! We've done a lot since we left." Tails replied. Sally looked
over her shoulder.
     "Oops. I have to go, now. Goodbye Tails." Sally said. The screen fuzzed
over again.
     "Man..." Tails moaned. He put the communicator away, and rummaged
through Felix's backpack for his computer. He searched through the directories
and found the Mobian International Communications Link. In that directory, he
went to "Random". After a click and a whirr, he ended up at the site "Myths
and Legends", with the title "The Lost Royal Mobian Army". About twenty five
years ago, when signs were pointing to Robotnick going power crazy, the Royal
Army of Mobius, the elite fighting force, were sent to the Montanas Altos to
fight an enemy to the crown. Robotnick sent those soldiers to that fight. They
were never seen since. The computer turned off automatically after Tails fell
asleep in front of it.

     CRASH
     "Shh!"
     Tails awoke. The sounds were coming from the door. He could see the
silhouettes coming through the door, and lightly closing it. Fear swelled
inside, but were pushed back. Slowly, Tails crept towards Felix's bag, and
retrieved his gun. Laying on the floor, he decreased the pressure so he
wouldn't actually hurt anyone. Then, after setting the pistol, he crawled
toward the light switch.
     CRASH
     "Be quiet!"
     Tails wormed over to the light switch. Against the wall, he stood up
slowly. He reached over for the switch.
     *CLICK*
     The two assailants looked down the barrel of the gun Tails held out
perpendicular to his body. They were a cat, with a black grin and a pound of
jewelry, and a fox as beautiful as make-up and cloth could make her.
     "Uh, room service?" the fox shyly explained. It was hard to believe
since she held Tails's backpack.
     "Felix!" Tails hissed. Felix opened his eyes, and saw the gun pointing
over his head. Looking upside down over the couch, he saw the two burglars.
      "Uh, he doesn't have any money. I do though." Felix said, pointing to
his backpack in the corner.
     "Felix, call police, or the army, or something." Tails asked. Felix got
up, walked to the phone, and called the police.
     "Okay, they're on their way." Felix said. Tails still stood their,
standing erect, gun pointed at the buglers.
     "Uh, Tails?" Felix asked. He walked over. Tails was in a trance. He was
too scared to drop his guard. Felix managed to wrestle the gun away from the
fox's grasp. Felix took the gun and pointed it at the two.
     "I oughta shoot you two." Felix said, and pulled the trigger. The loud
crack that emitted out of the gun and the visible gust of helium made the cat
faint.
     "It, it wasn't loaded?" the lady fox asked.
     "Naw." Felix said, and pushed a button on the pistol. "Now it is."
     "Great. Nabbed by a ten year old kid and a gun that wasn't loaded." The
fox sat on the bed in disgust.
     "Hey!" Tails barked. "I'm twelve."
     "You know, your kinda cute." The fox winked at Tails. Tails blinked, and
felt flattered.
     "Well, uh...." Tails blurted.
     "That's enough. Wait till the cops get here." Felix said, waving the gun
at her.
     "So what are you doing here? We've got nothing you can swipe." Felix
asked, putting his gun up.
     "You gotta try. Besides, you've gotta have something to stay in the
presidential suite." the fox replied.
     "Why has your buddy got a roboticized leg for? He lose it or something?"
     "No. He ran off on some world conquest, or something. It's funny,
though. He complained of a pulled hamstring, and look what he got."
     "I bet he was working for Packbell." Tails said. Felix nodded. Within
ten minutes, two policemen showed up, much to the embarrassment of Tails, who
was still in the white terry cloth bathrobe. The policemen took a statement,
carried the cat out of the room, and awarded Tails fifty Mobium as a reward.
The policemen left ten minutes later.
     "Fifty Mobium! Wow! Cool!" Tails exclaimed, turning the note around in
his hands to make sure it was real.
     "Easy money, man. Easy money." Felix chuckled. "Cool. Now, I'm going to
bed." Felix ran towards the bed, jumped and tried to flip in midair. He
failed, and landed in a heap on the bed. Tails laughed, Felix bowed, and the
two went back to sleep.

     "Sal! Get off that thing! He's up!" Sonic shouted, followed by the groan
of the squirrel. Sally concluded her conversation to Tails hastily, and ran
into the bedroom. Upon the bed was the squirrel, siting up and holding his
head. He looked up with bloodshot eyes. Seeing the princess, he jumped down
and bowed before her.
     "My princess!" he said weakly. Sally helped him back up on the bed. As
far as she could tell, he was about as old as she was.
     "Uh, you could use some aspirin." Sally suggested. He feebly nodded.
Sonic was already on top of the request, and tossed the bottle to Sally. The
squirrel on the bed took the bottle from her and opened it. He shook the
bottle and every pill landed in his mouth. He chewed a couple of times and
swallowed. Sally was surprised. The squirrel took a look at his hands, and
bowed his head.
     "Great, a dream, no doubt."
     "No, no! Sir Charles has built the Deroboticizer. You're the first one
to live through the process." Sally explained, kneeling and looking into his
face. He looked up, with a little bit of humor on his face.
     "Didn't work to well, did it?" He asked, thumping his leg. He felt his
face with a metallic hand. "However." He stood up, and staggered over to the
mirror. He was rather impressed to see his face for the first time in twenty
years.
     "What's your name?" Sonic asked.
     "I am Joseph of the Great Swamp, a squire of King Acorn." Joseph
explained to Sonic.
     "Uh, hold on. How old are you?" Sonic asked, a little confused.
     "I'm eighteen. I was born in the year thirty two hundred. Why?"
     "Uh oh." Sally whispered.
     "What?" Joseph asked.
     "Joseph, it's 3238. You haven't aged a bit, it looks." Sally stated.
     "Oh my..." Joseph whispered, and sat down. "Anything happen these
last... thirteen years?" He made the attempt at a smile.
     "Yeah. I was crowned Queen six months ago, and this is my king, Sonic
Hedgehog." Sally explained, and introduced Sonic.
     "Forgive me if I don't bow." Joseph groaned in pain. "Now, you're queen,
he's king. What happened to Doctor Robotnick."
     "He turned into dust 'bout ... three years ago." Sonic replied.
"However, we have a new maniac at the wheel."
     "Yeah. Commander Packbell. He's worse then Robotnick."
     "Why?" Joseph asked. "He a robot?"
     "Android." Sonic answered.
     "Oh, great." Joseph sighed. "Well, it looks like I'm back in the fight."
He grimaced in pain. "Not yet though."

     "Psst!" Felix hissed. Tails opened one eye.
     "Hmmm..." Tails groaned at the black furry face in his.
     "Get up!" Felix whispered. Tails reluctantly turned over, and got up.
     "We have to sneak out." Felix whispered, slipping into his leather vest.
     "Hmmm?" Tails asked, rubbing his head. "Aren't we gonna pay?"
     "Look. The cat made bail last night. He's coming back, and he's going to
have more than a key ring when he does."
     "But that's theft!" Tails protested with a yawn.
     "Would you rather pay the guy and leave here with two broken tails?"
Felix hissed softly. Tails thought a second, and started packing. After
everything was gathered up, Felix gathered up bed sheets, and tied two
together.
     "What are you doing?" Tails asked, gathering as much as he could from
the fridge.
     "We're going to climb out the window." Felix whispered.
     "Why?" Tails asked, and hovered slightly. Felix stopped after seeing the
wasted effort. "Oh, wait!" Tails retrieved his bathrobe. He ran to the window,
opened it, and threw it out.
     "What?" Felix asked. Tails retrieved some tomatoes from the
refrigerator. He threw those out the window. The last thing to hit the ground
was a full bottle of catsup.
     "Uh, it looks like somebody jumped and turned into street pizza." Felix
said in disgust. Then he smiled. He hung the sheets from the window.
     "Now they won't look for us." Felix said.
     "Cool, huh?" Tails said. "Okay, grab on." Felix grabbed Tails's arms,
and the two floated out ten stories above the city. They touched down in an
alley, because it would be better if nobody knew Tails could fly.
     "Okay, now we gotta get to The Pit." Felix said, adjusting his backpack.
     "Why would you want to go there?" Tails asked.
     "I know a friend there, might be interested in a job as a teacher."
     "Well, this is the place." Tails said, pointing to a neon sign that
flashed "The Pit".
     "Cool. You have to wait outside." Felix instructed Tails, and opened a
door that led inside.
     "Why?" Tails asked.
     "They don't allow kids under twenty one." Felix explained.
     "But Felix, you're only..." Tails pointed out.
     "Shhh!" Felix interrupted, and went inside.
     "I never do anything." Tails grunted, and sat down.
     "Hello?" cooed a voice. Tails looked around. "Up here." Above him hung
the largest snake Tails had ever seen. The snake had a ridiculous voice, like
he had swallowed a bottle cap.
     "Oh..." Tails started nervously. "Hi." The snake dropped down about
three feet more.
     "I saw what your friend did." the snake said, and darted behind Tails
back and looped in front of him. "Just leaving like that." The snake coiled
around again. "Why, anything could happen to you out here." The snake looped
around again, completing two coils around Tails. Tails, for some reason,
didn't notice. "Why, you could get, hee, hee, eaten!" The snakes coils now
started to tighten. Tails just now noticed.
     "Hey! Leggo!" he yelled, but to no avail. Another coil covered his
mouth. The door opened, and a large, mean looking badger came out. He saw
Tails and the snake. Just as the snake lunged to take a bite out of Tails's
head, the badger caught the snake around the head; his fist grabbed the middle
of his head with his mouth opened. The badger brought the head of the snake to
his, and looked at it in the eye.
     "Hey..." the badger growled. "He's with me." He dropped the snake, and
the snake retreated down the alley. It left Tails red in the face and gasping
for air. Felix jumped outside, and went to Tails.
     "You okay?" Felix asked. Tails nodded.
     "Man, I hate that snake!" the badger growled. "He's here every day,
picking off the best customers." Tails looked up at the badger. He was at
least seven feet tall, about four hundred pounds of muscle, and teeth that
could bite through brick. "Hi." the badger greeted. Tails was taken by
surprise by this reply. The badger helped Tails up, and dusted him off gently.
     "Tails, this is Harold. He's going to be out math teacher in Knothole."
Tails was still surprised how big the guy was.
     "Uh, hi." Tails meekly replied.
     "He's going to meet us there in two weeks." Felix explained. "Well,
until then." Harold said in a booming, but kind voice. He extended his hand
out to Tails, and Tails shook it. Harold ducked back inside.
     "That guy's the math teacher?" Tails asked, expecting Harold to be a
bodybuilding instructor rather than a math teacher.
     "Wait till you see the guy I have in mind for literature." Felix said.
The two left town into the rising morning sun.

     "Joseph, you don't have to guard me all the time." Sonic told Joseph,
who was standing next to him with a spear and dressed in Royal Guard garb. (We
have Antoine to thank for that.)
     "But My Lord!" Joseph protested.
     "And I am not you lord!" Sonic cried. "I am Sonic. True, I'm king, but
I'm no lord. Now go do what you want to do, or something!" Joseph bowed his
head, tossed his spear away, and walked off.
     "Poor kid." Bookshire said to Sonic, who appeared behind him. "All his
life he was raised to lay his life down for the king. Now there's little call
for him." Sonic left Bookshire, and wandered into Charles's hut, where he was
adjusting the deroboticizer. He could see his legs sticking out from the
bottom of it, and a welders torch spark every two seconds. Charles emerged.
     "Hello, my boy. What are you up to?" Charles put out his welders torch.
     "Not much. I'm tempted to start a snowball fight though." Sonic said. He
looked outside, and judged the snow to be of premium quality.
     "C'mon, Unc. Let's wreak havoc." Sonic pleaded.
     "He can't honey. I'm up next." Bunnie said. Sonic swivelled around, and
saw Bunnie sitting on the table. She looked extremely excited.
     "Okay Bunnie. Step in." Charles announced. Bunnie jumped up, and stepped
into the Deroboticizer. The glass descended.
     "Here." Charles said. He tossed a pair of dark goggles to Sonic. He put
them on, and gave a thumbs up to Bunnie. She did the same with her roboticized
arm, probably because she wasn't going to have it anymore after the process
was over. Charles hit         on, and the room filled with light. Bunnie was
struck with the most unbearable pain she felt since the Roboticizer. After all
was done, she was kneeling on the pad, holding her arm with pain. After the
glass raised, Charles noticed only Bunnie's arm was deroboticized. She still
had a metal paw.
     "Ooowww!" Bunnie cried. "It hurts!"
     "Yes, I know." Charles said, sympathized. "But look at your arm." Bunnie
looked down, and seemed to forget her pain.
     "Oh my..." she whispered. She rubbed the slightly charged sweaty fur on
her arm, and heard it crackle. She squeezed it. She even rubbed her face on
her arm. Bunnie was satisfied. Her arm was the real thing once again. She
looked at her hand, but didn't care.
     "Oh, thank you, Chuck!" Bunnie cried, and hugged Charles. She couldn't
hug as hard as she used to, and she was delighted at the fact. She darted out
of the hut to go show Sally.
     "Hey! You're welcome!" Charles called after Bunnie. He chuckled to
himself, and studied the screen on the control panel.
     "Hmmm." Charles looked at the screen deeply.
     "What's wrong?" Sonic asked, and looked at the screen, trying to figure
it out for himself.
     "Oh, this device has lost some power. It should have done Bunnie's hand
as well." Charles shut the machine off. "Oh, well. At least her arms taken
care of. I'll look at it tomorrow. Until then..." Charles looked at Sonic with
a wicked grin. "Let's go see if Knothole is prepared for an internal attack."
Charles ran out to the snow with a battle cry and launched a couple of
snowballs behind him at Sonic.

     Felix and Tails walked for two weeks now, and made it to a town about
two hundred miles away from Knothole. Here lived the mentor that taught Felix
how to play the trumpet. He lived at the foot of a mountain range in a large
house. He lived alone, apart from over five hundred musical instruments he
owned. About one hundred yards from the house. Felix stopped.
     "What are you going to do now?" Tails asked, lighting next to Felix in
the ankle deep snow.
     "Watch." Felix said, and dropped his backpack. Out of it he got his
trumpet, blew some warm air through it, and inhaled deeply. He played a battle
song as loud as he could. The song was littered with sixteenth notes and
thirty second notes. Like clockwork, just as Felix expected, a second trumpet
entered, and completely and totally outdid Felix. Out of the front door,
playing with one hand was a brown and white dog, missing an ear, and a nasty
limp. Felix concluded the battle song, with excessive fanfare. The dog did the
same, only better.
     "Hello, Felix!" the dog called. "Come in, ya bugle playing devil! Come
in!" Felix gathered his stuff, and trotted through the snow. Tails followed.
They were showed in by the dog.
     "Hi, Johann." Felix greeted. "This is my good friend, Tails, Johann."
Felix extended his hand, and Johann shook it.
     "I say, Tails, do you play music of any kind?" Johann asked.
     "Now, Johann, don't you start." Felix scolded playfully.
     "Okay, okay. Would you two like some hot chocolate?"
     "Yeah!" Tails barked. The cat and dog smiled together. The three went
into the living room, which was littered with sheet music and instruments.
Johann, as best he could with his limp, brought in three mugs heaped with
marshmallows.
     "So, Felix, how ya been?" Johann asked.
     "Well, I've become a Freedom Fighter now, and staying in Knothole."
     "Oh, marvelous, marvelous!" Johann cried. "How fun."
     "Well," Felix continued. "the king and queen want to establish a
school..."
     "King? He found a way out!?" Johann asked with enthusiasm.
     "No." Felix said. "He isn't out. Princess Sally married Sonic Hedgehog
and are now in charge."
     "Is King Acorn still alive though?"
     "We don't know."
     Johann wanted to change the conversation.
     "Now what about this school you needed?" Johann interrupted. "Ya need a
music teacher. Felix, I'd be delighted." Johann looked at Tails, who was
studying a display case of antique flutes. "Would you like to learn to play an
instrument there, Tails?" Johann asked.
     "No. I despise music." Tails replied. Johann was shocked. So was Felix.
Tails burst out laughing.
     "Oh, I was kidding! Gotcha!" Tails laughed. Felix and Johann smiled.
     "Your sense of humor, Felix." Johann said.
     "Anyway, how's the leg?" Felix asked, referring to the leg he broke in
six places when he was hiking.
     "Oh, fine, fine." Johann said. "As a matter of fact, I'm going hiking in
a minute. Come, would you?"
     "Sure. How 'bout it, Tails?" Felix asked.
     "Okay." Tails replied. He put his coat back on. The three followed
Johann's favorite path up the mountain.
     "My goodness, the Montanas Altas are beautiful this time of year."
Johann commented. Tails stopped in his tracks, which happened to be about ten
feet ahead.
     "Did you say Montanas Altas?" Tails asked.
     "Uh, yeah." Johann replied.
     "The Mobian Royal Guard are up here!" Tails barked, and turned to run,
before Felix stopped him.
     "Wait, wait!" Felix called. "What are you talking about?"
     "The Lost Army! I saw it on the international link the other day!" Felix
cried.
     "The Lost Army is a myth! They were never seen after they were sent
here. They're all dead by now!"
     "No way!" Tails barked. "They could live up here, can't they?"
     " Fraid not, bud." Felix said. "Never mind about them." Tails
reluctantly agreed. They continued up the path, until the summit nearly one
thousand feet up. The three sat up on the top, looking down on Mobius.
     "Ya know, we should expect an extremely early spring, Felix." Johann
said.
     "Really?" Felix asked.
     "Yep. It should warm up a good thirty degrees over the next ten days."
(One of Johann's other hobbies was meteorology.) Tails wandered off into the
trees that grew behind the summit.
     "Hey! Felix, Johann!" Tails called from the trees. The two walked over.
     "Look." Tails pointed to the ground at a boot print that resembled the
kind Antoine left behind. "Looks like Antoine's, huh?" Tails barked.
     "Yep. Royal Guard boot print." Johann replied.
     "The Lost Army! They're here!" Tails exclaimed.
     "Now, Tails, I told you they don't exist!" Felix scolded. "Now leave it
alone!"
     "Okay, okay." Tails groaned under his breath.
     "Now, someone else could have been up here since the snow fell, Tails."
Johann said. Tails got up and wandered deeper into the snow.
     "Careful, Tails." Felix called.
     "Wait, the canyon back there." Johann warned.
     "Oh, that's okay. He can fly." Felix said.
     "Fly!?" Johann asked in surprise.
     "Yeah. Spins his tails like a propeller." Felix said, twirling his
finger in a circle.
     "Remarkable!" Johann whispered. "Can he do it for me?"
     "Man, it's hard to get him to walk for you." Felix chuckled. Suddenly, a
yelp sounded from the woods. Felix and Johann ran after the sound, and came to
a clearing. In it he saw Tails being held at gunpoint by a middle aged badger
in a battered, tattered Royal Guard uniform.
     "Felix!" Tails cried.
     "Come with me, you three." the badger bellowed and led the three through
the trees. They came to a camp made up of ramshackle tents, a couple camp
fires, and two hundred middle aged Royal Guard sitting in battered, tattered
uniforms. All were kept in immaculate condition, allowing for wear and tear.
     "Captain Waters!" the badger bellowed. A fox stepped forward, obviously
the captain.
     "Report, Corporal Two Moon!" the captain bellowed back.
     "Spies, sir." He nudged sharply at Tails back.
     "Hey! We're no spies!" Felix exclaimed.
     "Oh?" the captain asked. "Who are you then?"
     "We're only looking for teachers for the school the queen and king want
to establish." Felix stated. A half dozen laughs floated through the air.
     "You twit!" the captain laughed. "The closest thing we have to a queen
is Princess Sally of Acorn! Now, you better give me a real reason why you are
here, or you will be shot." Felix gulped. All three stood there for a second
or two. Then Tails came up with the evidence that would save them.

     "Weather report." Packbell asked Ivo through the microphone.
     "You were right sir." Ivo replied from one of the weather stations that
dotted Robotropolis. "The temperature is predicted to rise thirty two point
one degrees Fahrenheit."
     "Which would make the temperature....?" Packbell asked.
     "Sixty nine degrees in ten days." Ivo answered.
     "Excellent. Return and await instructions on the invasion of the Great
Forest."
     "Yes sir." Ivo replied as cheery as an android could be.

     "Hey, Sal. Your computer's beeping." Sonic yelled.
     "Okay, okay." Sally replied with her teeth clinched around a diaper pin.
Miles squirmed under her. As soon as she finished, she went into computer
room. She sat down and flipped on Nicole. The monitor showed a fox in a Royal
Guard uniform. It panned over to the left roughly and came over to Felix's
face.
     "Felix!" Sally asked in surprise. "What's wrong?"
     "Sally! Tell these guys that your the queen." Felix complained. The
screen then roughly passed over to the face of the fox.
     "Hello." the fox greeted gruffly. "I am Captain Waters. Who is this?"
     "This is the queen, Sally Acorn." Sally said with surprise. The
communicator was then wrenched from Captain Waters grasp.
     "Aunt Sally!" Tails exclaimed.
     "Tails, what is going on?!" Sally asked.
     "Sally! This is the Lost Royal Army!" Sally's jaw dropped a little. The
communicator was fought over once again. It dropped in the snow, and was
picked up by Johann.
     "Who...?" Sally asked.
     "My queen, I'm Johann. These guys think we're spies and want to shoot
us. Let these guys know were not spies!" Johann said in a rush. The
communicator was once again in Waters hands.
     "All right!" Sally yelled. "Now, what do you want?"
     "Now, I want to know if you are really the queen like these people say."
Waters calmly explained.
     "Okay. Now, I am the queen of Mobius, Queen Sally. What proof do you
need?" Sally asked.
     "Okay. If you are the queen, you will have the Royal Seal, am I right?"
Waters asked. Sally put him on hold, and a second later, Sally held out to the
Captain a ring with the Acorn coat of arms. The captain appeared satisfied.
     "I apologize for the trouble princess." Waters asked. "Now, may I speak
with Dr. Robotnick?" Sally's jaw dropped a little more.
     "Oh no." Sally groaned. "You've been out of touch. You see, Robotnick
overthrew dad... er, the king, and took over. He's been dead for about four
years now, and the king has been trapped in a void for about five, I think." A
look of concern came over the captains face.
     "Then..." the captain hesitated. "May we come home?"
     "Of course." Sally replied. "Yes. The people you've captured will lead
you."
     "Thank you, my queen." Waters bowed slightly. He turned to the rest of
the soldiers. "We're going home!" Cheers broke out before the screen blanked
out.
     "We're going to have two hundred new Freedom Fighters" Sally thought,
happily. "I have a feeling we'll be living in the palace before you we know
it." Sally walked back into the livingroom.
     "Sal!" Bunnie called from outside. "Sally!"
     "Would you come in and stop yelling!" Sally yelled back at Bunnie.
Bunnie totted in, face beaming.
     "Look at mah arm!" Sally looked at Bunnie's perfectly normal, furry arm
with amazement.
     "Oh my goodness." Sally whispered. She petted Bunnie's arm.
     "That's amazing! Bunnie, when will you be completely overhauled!" Sally
asked, looking at the perfectly normal arm.
     "Oh, Chuck says three or four weeks, but that's no time at all!" Bunnie
said.
     "Good. We'll have the old Bunnie back then in three weeks." Sally said,
and hugged Bunnie. Bunnie winced.
     "Ooh. My arm." Bunnie groaned. Sally said nothing as she trotted of to
get some aspirin.

     "Okay, okay. We'll stop at that town." Captain Waters shouted. Satisfied
sighs of relief emitted from the mass of soldiers. After camp was set up,
Tails, Felix and Johann went into town to find some entertainment. They went
inside a restaurant with a billiard parlor joining it. They went inside, and
rented a table.
     "Okay, Tails. I'll show you how to pull off a masse shot." Johann
commented while Felix racked the balls for nine ball. Five large and mean
looking bulls advanced the three, looking to make trouble.
     "Well, looky here, boys." one said. "Looks like a few pool players."
     "Yeah." Another replied. He picked up a bar cue. "Oh, but I prefer a two
piece cue!" He deftly broke it over the table. Fragments littered the table.
The bull held the sharp end of the stick at Felix's throat.
     "Okay, kid. I want money." He stuck the stick a little harder into
Felix's throat. The bartender ducked behind the bar in the pool hall. He
didn't want trouble.
     "Felix..." Tails warned, shaken a little.
     "Okay, okay." Felix said, and reached into his coat pocket.
     "These gentlemen are with us." a voice boomed. The five bulls turned to
see about fifty rifles pointed at them.
     "Now..." Captain Waters started. "How much money YOU got?"
     "I got about fifty, sir." the bull replied shakily.
     "Give it to them." The bull pulled a wad of fivers out of his pocket and
tossed it on the table.
     "Go away." Waters ordered. The bulls made a hasty retreat out the back
door.
     "This should cover a few drinks, huh boys!" Waters said. A cheer rose
slightly, and the tiny militia went to the bar to enjoy some ale.
     "Felix, that was outright theft!" Tails complained.
     "Yes and no. You see, they would have cause all sorts of trouble. So in
a way, we saved a whole bunch of people from harm." Felix explained. Tails
appeared to understand. They all played pool for about two hours before they
retired to the camp on the outside of town. At camp, Tails retrieved Felix's
laptop, and did some random searching. Nothing caught his attention after ten
minutes. A word popped into his head. "Old". "Nick" followed. Tails went to
the directory for the international link, and looked up Old Nick. After a
second, the heading "Narcotics and other Dangerous Substances". Tails raised
and eyebrow. He began reading.

     "FELIX!" Tails yelled, mad. Felix was doing something in his tent. "What
on Mobius are you doing selling Old Nick for!" Felix looked stupid for a
second. Tails read the screen of the laptop.
     "Old Nick, a narcotic once used for a pain killer until it was found to
be EXTREMELY ADDICTIVE! All forms and derr..." Tails stopped to try to
pronounce the word.
     "Derivatives." Felix mentioned.
     "Derivatives are highly illegal! Felix! Even I know stuff like that is
bad! Why don't you!"
     "Tails! I had to get some quick cash, and they're wrecking their own
lives!" Felix pleaded. "What's the harm?"
     "The harm! Old Nick's dangerous! Why are you killing all those guys! You
should be turning them in!" Felix opened his mouth, but the words felt too
stupid to come out. He shut his mouth again.
     "I'm... I'm sorry." Felix bowed his head, slightly.
     "You've been lying and stealing the entire trip, Felix! Theft isn't a
survival skill anymore!" Tails snapped. "You have many friends that can help
out, even me!"
     "Okay, okay." Felix stood up, and looked Tails in the eye.
     "Have I ever lied to you?" Felix asked.
     "What about the maid?" Tails asked.
     "Huh?" Felix asked, surprised.
     "I kinda know what her occupation was."
     "How...? I never told you!" Tails pointed to the laptop.
     "Okay, anyway. I never lied to you for my own personal gain, so you can
believe me on this." Felix took the remaining nine hundred Mobium, and marched
outside. He tossed it all into the wind, where Royal Guard scrambled to pick
it up.
     "I swear I will never do anything purposely wrong, ever." Felix stated
to Tails. Tails looked at him a second, and smiled.
     "Okay. but there's one more thing we have to do." Tails said.

     The next day, the camp which Felix sold the Old Nick to was silent.
Nearly everybody was sleeping off the effects of the drug. The familiar sound
of a police siren blared into town. The dog that bought the stuff crept out of
bed, while everybody else tried to hide.
     "Who's 'El Chingador'?" a policepig asked at the top of his lungs.
     "Hey, you ain't gonna find anything. Go away." El Chingador, the dog
that bought the Old Nick, answered.
     "Got something!" another swine shouted.
     "Oh?" The first pig asked. "Okay, you're under arrest. You know, we're
starting a frequent flyer program..."
     "Shut up!" El Chingador snapped. "Who ratted on us, anyway?"
     "Some fox. You know, it's the strangest thing. He had two tails." the
pig answered.
     "Oh no!" the dog screamed. "That's the kid that sold me the stuff!"
     "Oh, so you did buy something." the pig said, pointing out the slip of
the tongue.
     "Aw shit." the dog growled. He remained silent.

- - - -
Time line- January 24, 3238
- - - -

     The predictions were right. It was a balmy sixty nine degrees in the
Great Forest. Sickly patches of snow hung around to see the bitter end. In
Knothole, Bookshire was rooting through Robotropolis computer files. He tapped
a few keys nervously. Suddenly, his mouth hung open.
     "Sally! Sonic!" Bookshire yelled as he crossed the yard. "Come quick!"
Sally and Sonic went into Bookshire's hut, and saw a map laid out on the
screen.
     "Okay. What?" Sonic asked. Bookshire tapped a key, and a load of dots
appeared.
     "What are those?" Sonic asked.
     "Those are attack formations." Bookshire said. "In three hours, we are
going to be invaded by about a thousand SWATbots."
     "Oh no!" Sally said. "We have to evacuate."
     "Right." Sonic said. "Start the evacuation plan." The three set into
action the evacuation plan. All children and people unable to fight were
evacuated throughout the tunnels. It was impressive; the entire load was out
of Knothole in ten minutes. The mouths of the tunnels were exploded in half an
hour. The rest of the two hours were spent reinforcing the town. SWATbots
appeared in the last thirty minutes. The remaining militia of Knothole stood
before them. Packbell himself presented himself, decorated in his own uniform
decorated with medals that he made up. Ivo stood before him, wearing his own
collection of medals.
     "Queen Sally!" Packbell growled at the top of his lungs. "I call for
your unconditional surrender."
     "Packbell, I would rather die than even think of giving up!" Sally
shouted back.
     "I'm game. However you want to do it."
     In the woods that surrounded Knothole, a solitary trumpet sounded. Felix
emerged, playing the battle cry. He wore no vest, showing the X to Packbell.
     "You!" Packbell growled.
     "FELIX!" Sonic shouted. "This is no time to play the trumpet!" He
continued. Behind him, ten bugles started up the same tune. Those trumpets
emerged. They were the brass band of the Royal Mobian Guard. Felix stopped.
     "Packbell, we call for YOUR unconditional surrender. How 'bout it,
tinkertoy!"
     "Boy! We have you outnumbered one hundred to one!" Packbell scoffed. Ivo
chuckled.
     "Uh, no." Felix stated, and waved his hand forward. Out of the forest
ran two hundred Royal Mobian Guard, armed with laser rifles, and ready to die
for the king and queen.

     And all hell broke loose.

     Immediately, the clash between robot and Royal Guard was destructive.
Nearly thirty houses came crashing down. To the two hundred guard, only one
hundred robots were fighting. Packbell stood on the sidelines, out of reach.
So did Ivo.
     "Sally, why isn't he sending his full force after us!?" Sonic yelled to
Sally, fighting off SWATbots.
     "He's pacing himself." Sally yelled back. "The full force will be upon
us any minute." Sally jumped and planted her foot in the bot's head,
effectively ripping it off. She was impressed with herself over it, but took
no time to appreciate it. Packbell, after yawning, sent in another hundred
robots, each brandishing a rifle that looked like it could mow down half of
Mobius before it needed recharging. The robots immediately began firing, and
the Freedom Fighters didn't take any special notice. They were just bots with
lasers. Nothing they haven't dealt with before. They did take notice when
Felix ran across the yard, and was tagged in the tail. He fell to his knees,
thinking his tail was sheared off. He looked behind him, and noticed what
happened to his tail just as twenty other Fighters noticed as well.
     It was roboticized.
     Felix stood up, took his tail, cradled it a bit, and dropped it.
     "Aww, crud!" Felix cursed, sounding like he was only a little annoyed.
He ran off in the direction he was going. This acted as morale for the rest of
the troops. Packbell was actually surprised. He turned to Ivo.
     "Why isn't he a bot yet?" Packbell growled, teeth clinched.
     "Sir, I shot that dog at point blank. It's not my fault these bots can't
hit a moving target. Still, these may cause more damage then the average
rifle."
     "Maybe." Packbell said, and surveyed the battle scene again. That's when
he took a BB in the eye.
     "Ahhh!" Packbell yelled, holding his damaged eye. With his remaining
eye, he saw Felix standing five hundred yards off, taunting him.
     "Come on, you aluminum piece of crud, COME ON!" Felix yelled. Packbell
crouched, and jumped five hundred yards, taking Felix completely by surprise.
He was only able to roll with the blow. That sent him rolling off, hitting a
tree. Felix rubbed his head, and looked to the sky. Packbell's face appeared,
and his foot was placed heavily on his chest. Felix groaned.
     "So, if it isn't the great cat that cut me down to size! Ha, ha, ha."
Packbell chuckled. He stopped suddenly, and placed more pressure on his chest.
Felix swore he heard a rib snap.
     "Before I kill you, I think I'll take a trophy." Packbell said, and
      ed his pocket watch.
     "Hey!" Felix groaned.
     "Shhh shh." Packbell quieted Felix, and opened it. He pressed the red
button and held it to his ear. Felix smiled to himself when the watch blew up
and tore off one fourth of his head. Felix managed to climb away to
recuperate. The explosion acted as ever more morale, and the Royal Guard was
worked up into a frenzy. About half of the guard was hit and roboticized in
some way or another. Some badly, some only a little bit. They turned around
and used their metal limbs to beat the oil out of the invading forces.
     In one surviving hut, Sonic, Sally and Bunnie were trying to regroup.
Both Sonic and Sally had an arm and a leg hit with the roboticizing rays, but
Bunnie still remained untouched. Tails skittered in, with an arm hit.
     "Oh no!" Sally said. Sonic examined his left arm. "You shouldn't be in
this, Tails!" Actually, a greeting was in order. This was the first time Sally
had seen Tails in a month. Tails looked at least a year older, six inches
taller. He looked like his father. He looked like he had matured.
     "No, Aunt Sally. I should be in this battle." Tails said, and ran off.
     "He's a big boy, Sal." Bunnie said. "I just hope he knows when to stop
playing soldier."
     "Yeah..." Sally said, detached. She saw Tails run headlong into a group
of bots. Tails ripped a bot to shreds with his arm before he flew off to pick
another fight. Sally smiled a bit while a tear rolled off her cheek.
     "We gotta go back out there, Sal." Sonic said. "Tails will take care of
himself."
     "Then until this is over." Sally said.
     "I love you." Sonic said.
     "And I you." Sally replied. The two hugged, and were slightly bruised
doing so. They still hadn't gotten used to the robotic limbs they had just
acquired. They both ran into the battle. Bunnie was going to follow them, but
a figure stumbled in. He was a squirrel, roboticized completely, except for a
head, which was bleeding badly now.
     "Joseph!" Bunnie exclaimed. Joseph propped himself in the corner.
     "Just a minute..." Joseph panted. He licked his lips. "I'll come out
fighting in a minute." He closed his eyes, and died. Bunnie stayed there,
weeping for Joseph.
     Ivo went to Packbell, and helped him up.
     "Ivo, back to Robotropolis." Packbell ordered. "That darn cat did it
again."
     "Yes..." Ivo was interrupted as Tails's fist flattened his iron alloy
nose. The force of the blow sent him about ten feet across the ground, leaving
a nasty skid mark into the grass. Tails jumped into him, and beat his face
into a flat lump of metal. He then ripped the lump off, and threw it into the
forest. As soon as Tails was done, he whipped around, and saw Packbell scamper
off into the woods.

     "Sally!" Sonic called. "Who's watching the shop?"
     "What?" Sally asked.
     "No one's in Robotropolis." Sonic said. "We could go in, cut a few
wires, and take down the entire place." Sally smiled.
     "Go get Bunnie. We'll do it." Sally, Sonic, and Bunnie raced over to
Robotropolis, and entered the empty halls. It was barren. Not a soul, bot or
animal, was around. This was the flaw in Packbell's plan. Bunnie and Sally
wasted no time cutting essential power lines. Sonic set charges in Packbell's
office. For one second, he sat in his chair.
     "Ooh, it's soft..." Sonic whispered. He then smashed it to the ground.
He proceeded to place charges on all things that looked important. Sally went
throughout computer files, and found a self destruct program. She set it for
five minutes, and found Bunnie.
     "You'll never guess what I found!" Bunnie cheered.
     "What?" Sally asked.
     "Turns out the bots can't think for themselves. Looky here." Bunnie
said, and pointed at the screen. The mainframe controlled each bot
individually.
     "Well, self destruct's set. The fight will be over in..."
     "Four minutes, thirty seconds." The computer voice interrupted. Red
lights began to flash.
     "Okay, time to get outta here." Sonic yelled, and Sally and Bunnie
latched on. They ran out the door as soon as the timer reached zero.

     "Get away, you!" Felix snapped as he climbed a tree. A bot had his leg,
trying to pull him down. Felix used his tail. He smacked the bot on the head
with his tail, knocking it down fifteen feet. Off in the distance, a heavy
boom sounded, and all the bots fell simultaneously. Everyone was dumbstruck
for a second or two, but one slightly roboticized individual cheered. Everyone
else joined in, hoping not to look like an idiot.

- - - -
Time line- two weeks later.
- - - -

     "Okay, okay. Stop whimpering." Charles said. Felix held his tail, newly
deroboticized. "Go chew on a willow branch." Felix looked up, with question on
his face.
     "It's where aceticyticylic acid is derived." Felix understood, and left.
     "So is that it?" Bunnie asked. She was completely deroboticized, and did
not hold back her pride.
     "All except me." Charles said. "Would you do the honors, Bunnie?"
Charles stepped inside, awaiting his head to be done up.
     "Okay, Chuck." Bunnie said, and hit         on. The glass descended.
Bunnie made for anot        on.
     "Bunnie, not that..." Charles said through the glass, but Bunnie hit    
    on before he could finish. Light flashed, and faded. On the pad lay
Charles, steaming a bit. Bunnie hit the wrong button. She had deroboticized
Charles completely.
     "Oh no!" Bunnie gasped. "I snuffed him!" Charles began to rise, and
stood up. He dusted himself off slightly.
     "I don't see why you people are such wimps about this thing!" Charles
looked at himself. "Oh, my. Man, I do look good!" he exclaimed. Sonic walked
in, and saw his uncle for the first time in fifteen years. He jumped to Chuck,
and hugged him.
     "Man, you do look good!" Sonic said. Charles looked exactly like Sonic,
except for an extra thirty years of age, and a moustache.
     "Well, I'd better go tell everybody!" Chuck said, and stepped outside.
His appearance surprised everyone. Sally presented herself.
     "Hello, stranger. How can I help you?"
     "I am Sir Charles Hedgehog. Do you mind if I live with you?" Sally
hugged Chuck, laughing with joy.

     Knothole had been repaired. The dead had been buried. Joseph was
deroboticized before he was buried. He was awarded the Medal of Valor
posthumously. The award was what every Royal Guard member lived for. Everybody
was deroboticized, and the school was being built. Teachers were starting to
appear, and set their roots in Knothole. James, feeling slightly guilty about
the way he treated Tails, sent most of his books at his expense. All the bots
were cleared away, and buried as well. This created a massive mound out in the
forest.
     This was the day everybody hoped for. Packbell was dead. No more threat
to the freedom of all animals. For the first time in her entire life, Sally
slept soundly that night.

     Packbell sat in a dark recess in Robotropolis. He had repaired his head,
and operated the operations from a laptop.
     "How long till full speed?" Packbell asked.
     "Estimated time, two years." Packbell slammed he laptop closed, breaking
it. He sat there, and realized his Reign of Terror was over. Or, on an
extended leave of absence. He began to piece together a SWATbot from spare
parts, with his own hands, because all his factories were smoldering heaps.
     "Robotnick programmed me to fight the Freedom Fighters. I'll do so until
their bones lie at my feet." Packbell said quietly to himself while he started
his task.

