Cyber Sonic: Emerald Quest Part 2: Knuckles' Reckoning
By Kenneth Hillis a.k.a. Duo Prower

Ye legal stuff: Knuckles The Echidna, Julie-Su, Sonic The Hedgehog and 
all related characters are property of Sega and/or Archie.
All made up characters are mine, and can only be used if I am asked and 
I say yes. I must first know what you'll be doing with them. But I'll 
probably let you. :)

Author's Note: Okay, a mistake I made last time. Speed and Crystal's 
last names are ACORN not HEDGEHOG. Sorry. Also, Julie doesn't have her
robotic parts anymore. I'm not saying how yet though. Also, Sonic isn't
in this one that much, it's mostly a Knuckles story. 

Characters in order (hopefully) of apperance:
Knuckles Echidna
Julie-Su Echidna
King Sonic Hedgehog
Lara-Le
Miles "Tails" Prower
Locke "Basher" Echidna the 2nd
Lara-Su Echidna
Prince Speed Acorn
Governor Shon
Nack Weasel
Sgt. Simian
Predator Hawk
Rock Crocodile
Lightning Lynx
Geoffery St. John
Queen Sally Acorn
Comet Prower
Duo Prower
Cemator

Cyber Sonic Episode 3

Previously: The FFs went to the frozen Tundra in search 
of a Cyber Emerald, but ran into Nack and his gang. 
Sally eventually was able to get the Water Cyber 
Emerald, and together, she and Sonic defeated Nack.

Chapter 1
Floating Island, ten years ago.....

Knuckles Echidna walked down the streets of 
Echidnapolis, his wife Julie-Su at his side. His mother, 
Lara-Le, had offered to take their son and daughter for 
the day so they could have some time to themselves. The 
day was practically perfect, with hardly a cloud in the 
sky.

Suddenly, the Island started to shake. He looked up to 
see warships over the city. He turned around, ready to go and 
get his family, when he saw Sonic running up with Lara-Le in 
tow. Tails was behind him with Lara-Su and Basher.

"What's happening?!?" Knuckles asked Sonic.

"It's....." Sonic paused and took a deep breath, "It's 
Robotnik. He's back, and he's come to destroy the Island."

*****

"Ahhhhh!!!!!" Knuckles woke up in a cold sweat. <<It's 
happening again,>> he thought to himself. He looked over 
to see that he had woken up Julie-Su.

"Knuckles," Julie-Su said, rubbing her eyes, "What 
happened?" He looked over at the calender on the wall. 

"Oh. I...I almost forgot. I'm so sorry."

"Don't be," Knuckles said, "I try to forget it every 
year. But every year I feel the pain of those that lost 
their lives that day."

"But it wasn't your fault," she said.

He looked at her solemnly. "But it was my responsibility 
to protect everyone on that Island."

"Well," Julie said, "With the trip we're taking to 
Tronopolis, maybe it will help. It _is_ a bit more 
peaceful there."

"Oh yeah," Knuckles said sarcastically, "Investigating 
mystical occurances, REAL relaxing."

She smiled, put her hand on his shoulder, and kissed him. 
Then more serious, she said, "I'll help you through it."

*****

The Next Day.....

"What?" Basher asked with a smile on his face.

"I said," Speed answered, "What about making our two 
dates a double date. I mean we're all best friends,
and my first date with Mandy and your next date with
Crystal is on the same night, so why not?"

The two of them had been walking on the sidewalk until 
Speed had pulled him into the alleyway to talk to him 
about this.

"You're nervous," Basher said accusingly.

"I'm not nerv.....uh, well.....yeah. I am," Speed 
admitted.

"Listen," Basher said, "If it makes you feel any better, 
I'll talk to Crystal about it."

"Good. Thanks." Speed breathed a huge sigh of relief.

They started walking down the sidewalk again. "I guess I 
understand," Basher said, "I mean I love Crystal and...."

"What?" Speed said, his interest suddenly perked.

"I...um...well...I...uh," Basher stuttered out, suddenly 
knowing what he let slip.

"You ever tell?" Speed asked with a smile.

"Um, well, uh.....no," Basher said.

"Why?" Speed asked raising an eyebrow.

"Well..." Basher paused, "I'm nervous."

Speed smiled. "Well looks like I'm not the only one. And 
you were trying to get me to do something similar, when 
you wouldn't do it either."

"Well," Basher said, "Maybe you're right. Maybe I should 
tell her."

"What about your next date?" Speed said. Basher smiled.

*****
Knuckles sat staring out into space as the transport 
moved closer to Ririn Island. Julie-Su sat down next to 
him. "What're you thinkin' about so hard?" she said. 
"You're going to give yourself meltdown." He just ignored 
her. "Awww, Knuckles, I know it's hard for you," Julie said 
putting her head on his shoulder. He still ignored her. "Why 
do you always have to be so stubborn?" she asked to no one 
in particular. Then she got an idea. She turned his head around 
to face her's and kissed him deeply, bringing him out of his 
trance.

"Who-wha-who?" he said.

"I knew that would work," she said, then smiled. "What do 
you mean who?" she said sarcastically. He smiled back and 
kissed her.


Chapter 2

Place: Tronopolis, Ririn Island

Knuckles and Julie-Su emerged from the transport, and 
were meeted by Governor Shon. He was a middle aged lion 
wearing a blue robe and a golden sash. Julie was wearing 
a beautiful light pink dress, while Knuckles was wearing 
his Royal Guard's uniform. He didn't like it. It itched, 
but she had made him wear it.

"Sir Knuckles, Lady Julie-Su!" Shon greeted. "Welcome to 
Tronopolis!"

"Please," Knuckles said, "leave out the formalities. 
Knuckles and Julie-Su will be just fine."

"Why did you call us here, Governor?" Julie-Su asked.

"Please," Shon said, "Let us speak of this somewhere 
safer."

Knuckles and Julie-Su looked at each other. They knew 
something was wrong.

*****

Knuckles and Julie-Su entered a large chamber in the 
Governor's mansion. They sat at a large table and 
Governor Shon sat In front of them.

"Okay," he said, "Here's what we know. About a month 
ago, scientists were doing experiments at the island's 
central mountain, but many of them disappeared. We 
looked everywhere, but we could not find them. Then 
two weeks ago, archeologists researching there also 
disappeared. 

"There have also been a rash of robberies that seem to 
fit the pattern, because they happened at exactly the 
same time that both disappearances occurred. What was 
stolen was mostly women's jewels."

Knuckles rubbed his chin, thinking. "We'll help you in 
any way we can," he said.

Miles away, unknown to anyone, a dark figure watched this 
through a small portal he had opened up. He laughed 
evilly. "Well, it seems my plan might work better than 
expected."

Chapter 3
Place: Devil's Gulag

Nack swept away the trash that littered the floor. The 
Gulag had changed much over the years. Instead of just 
placing the most dangerous criminals there, now most of 
the crooks on Mobius were placed there. They were also 
allowed more freedom. Nack had been given Mess Hall clean 
up duty, which he had to do right after his meal. He 
hated it. So much for freedom. Well, no one liked it, and 
Nack knew for his plan to work. He would have to put up with 
a lot worse. He looked up at the clock on the wall.
"Almost time," he said to himself. There were still some 
inmates eating, about half a dozen and Nack's gang. With the 
exception of Flying Frog. Nack didn't want it to be too 
obvious.

*****

Geoffrey St. John sipped the coffee from the cup as he 
looked over some documents. He hated these four days he 
had to do every few months, especially when his wife, 
Hershey wasn't there with him. He looked at her picture 
on his desk. <<At least I'll be back in Mobotropolis 
tommorow.>>

Suddenly, alarms started blaring. Geoffrey almost dropped 
his coffee. "What the heck!?" he exclaimed.

A guard's picture appeared on the comlink. "St. John, sir." 
The guard took a breath. "There seems to have been a 
fight breaking out in the mess hall. Ten inmates are 
involved, sir, four of them from Nack's gang."

"Well, where's the weasel!?"

"Nack Weasel is nowhere in sight, sir," the guard said. 
Geoffrey cut off the comlink and made his way to the 
mess hall. 

*****

Nack slipped into Geoffrey's office after he had left. 
"So predictable, Geoffrey," he said as he looked around. 
After searching the room, he found what he was looking 
for. It was a tool box Geoffrey kept around in case 
something broke or something needed fixing. After 
rummaging through it, he found some small replacement 
parts. "Only a few more parts," Nack sneered as he left 
the room.


Chapter 4

Place: Ririn Island, Tronopolis

"So, that ring any bells, Sal?" Knuckles asked Sally over 
the comlink.

"Well," Sally thought. "Maybe. I'll ask Nicole, and Sonic 
might know something."

"Thanks, Sal, bye," Knuckles said.

"Bye, Knux."

Knuckles turned off the comlink,sat up and started 
pacing. "What could it mean?" Knuckles asked himself. 
"What do you think, Julie?"

"I think," Julie-Su said sitting on the bed. She had 
admitted what she had been wearing had been uncomfortable 
also, and she had immediately changed into her nightgown 
when they got back to the room. "That you should relax."
<<Despite,>> she thought to herself, <<that this is keeping 
his mind off the Island right now, he's going to burn 
himself out.>>

Knuckles didn't answer, he just kept pacing. Julie-Su was 
starting to get irritated. "Well," she said, "if you won't 
relax," she reached for him and pulled him down to the 
bed, "I'll make you relax."

*****

Mobotropolis, Royal Palace (note that Ririn Island is on 
the other side of the planet, so it's afternoon here.)

Sally turned off the comlink. Just as she was about too 
leave, it started beeping again. She hit a button and 
Geoffrey St. John's face appeared on the screen. "Hello, 
Geoffrey," she said cheerfully, but then she frowned when 
she saw his expression. "What's wrong?"

"Sally, there was a fight In the Mess Hall today. Four 
members of Nack's gang were involved."

"So?"

"Well, Nack wasen't there,and he was supposed to be. I 
don't know what, but something strange is going on,and I 
thought I should inform you of it," Geoffrey said.

"I'll look into it. Bye, Geoffrey.

"Bye, Sally."

Sally sighed. "First Ririn Island, now this."

*****

Julie-Su was flung from her husband's arms, landing on 
the floor and knocking over a lamp. She looked up to see 
Knuckles sweating and panting. "Knuckles, what's wrong?"

"Julie," he paused, "I'm sorry."

She got up, wrapped a sheet around herself and sat down 
on the bed. "Another dream?" 

He nodded. Before anything else could be said, they heard 
a heart-wrenching scream. The two looked at each other, 
then got up, got dressed, and raced out the door.

*****

Knuckles and Julie-Su, in their usual attire, arrived 
where the scream came from, the Governor's mansion. They 
found Shon's wife on the ground, obviously injured, on 
the ground just outside the mansion's door. They ran over to 
her. "What happened here?"

"Sh-Shon," she croaked out, "They took him."

Julie looked around them and found footprints leading 
toward the north. As she started to take off in that 
direction, Knuckles stopped her. "Knuckles? What is it?"

"Julie, we can't go out there at this time. One thing is 
that whoever took him would be expecting us to follow so 
soon,and two, we'd probably get lost," Knuckles said.

Julie nodded. "You're right. We also need to get her to a 
hospital."

Knuckles nodded his head and complied.


Chapter 5

Place: Mobotropolis.

"I HAVE TO WEAR THIS?!?" Speed exclaimed holding up a 
tuxedo.

Sonic, Basher, Tails, Comet, and Duo all started laughing 
hysterically. "C'mon, Speed," Sonic said, "It isn't THAT 
bad. 'Sides, you want to make a good impression. Right?"

Speed sighed. "I guess you're right." Then he looked over 
at Basher, who was still laughing. He leaned over and 
said, "Y'know you have to wear one too, Bash." Basher 
gulped and slumped down in his chair. Then Basher and 
Speed looked over at the laughing Comet and Duo.

"This is getting redundant," Duo commented.

*****

Place: Ririn Island, Jungle.

Knuckles, Julie-Su, and two Tronopolis guards moved 
through the jungle. They had been moving for two hours, 
and had not found anything yet. Knuckles stopped and 
leaned against a tree. "Alright, everyone, we'll take a 
five minute break and then continue." The two guards 
sat next to a large rock, and Knuckles and Julie sat 
next to the tree he had stopped at.

"Hey, Knuckles," Julie said, holding up her canteen, 
"Thirsty?"

"No thanks." Knuckles then looked in his sack to get 
his water, then came up empty handed. "Uh.....Julie,
I kinda left my canteen in the roo-"

She cut him off. "I figured you would. Here." She 
tossed him the canteen.

"Thanks," he said as he took a sip. Knuckles then 
looked over at the two guards. All of a sudden, the 
two slumped down, out cold, with no known reason.
"What the.....?" He then looked over to Julie-Su,
who was holding her head, trying not to fall over,
but the attempt was futile. She slumped down as 
Knuckles started to race to her side. "Julie-Su!" 
he exclaimed. But it was the last thing he said, 
as he too slipped into darkness.

*****

Knuckles woke up to find himself being dragged by dark 
cloaked figures through a large cave-like tunnel. He 
jerked his head around frantically around for Julie-Su 
to find her being dragged ahead of him, and the guards 
on either side of him.

He looked again at the cloaked figures. <<The Dark 
Legion?>> he thought, <<No,this doesn't fit them. Besides, 
they're peaceful now.>> Soon they emerged into a large 
cavern-like throne room. There where stairs on the other 
side leading up to a throne, another dark figure, this one 
with glowing red eyes and holding a staff with a green 
crystal on the top. When he was brought close enough, Knuckles 
said, "Who the heck are you?!?"

"Blunt, aren't you, guardian.....or should I make that 
former guardian?" The figure chuckled. Knuckles clenched 
his teeth in anger. "Oh come now. No need to get so 
angry. I guess you could say I'm insensitive towards 
death.....well, I've been dead for over two decades, so 
I'm kind of immune to It. Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh. Oh, but I 
haven't formally introduced myself, have I? I am the 
former Joseph Kalnarn," he removed his hood to reveal a 
very light brown colored hedgehog, looking as young as a 
teenager, and now that he was no longer in the shadow of 
his hood, he now had dark blue eyes, "Otherwise known as 
Cemator."


Chapter 6

Place: Mobotopolis, Royal Palace.

Speed and Basher stood outside the door, waiting for 
Crystal and Mandy to come. "Man, this tux itches," Speed 
complained.

"Tell me about it," Basher said. "You gettin' nervous?"

Speed scoffed. "Who? Me? You've gotta be kiddin'."

At that moment, the door opened and out walked Crystal 
and Mandy. Speed and Basher's jaws dropped. Crystal was 
wearing a long smooth purple dress, and Mandy was 
wearing a sleeveless blue shirt and a green dress.

Crystal laughed. "Told you so, Mandy," she said as they 
dragged their boyfriends off.

*****

Speed turned the menu he was looking at. "Uh, I'll 
take..... uh, what she's having." He pointed at Mandy.

"Same here," Basher said pointing at Crystal. The waiter 
took the menus and went to the restaurant's kitchen.
Mandy and Crystal suddenly burst out laughing. 
"What's so funny?" Basher asked.

"Nothing," Mandy said, "You'll know when you get your 
dinner." The two guys gulped.

After dinner, while music was playing, Speed stood up. 
"Basher, come here."

"Huh?" Basher asked.

Speed stomped on Basher's foot. "Come. Here."

The echidna yelped slightly. "Okay, okay." Basher got up and Speed 
dragged him a little ways from the table. "

What do you want, Speed?"

"What are waiting for?" Speed asked him.

"Waiting for what?"

"To tell Crystal......"

"Well......" Basher said. He thought for a few moments. 

"The moment hasn't....... arised?" Speed tapped his 
foot like his father did when he was irritated.

"Okay, okay, I'm nervous, can ya blame me?" Basher 
admitted. "Any ideas?"

Speed thought. "Well, how about......"

Back at the table, Mandy and Crystal were talking. "What are they 
doing?" Mandy asked.

Crystal shrugged. "You've got me."

Soon, Speed and Basher walked back. "Uh, Crystal..." 

Basher said, "Would you like to dance?"

Crystal smiled. "Of course I would." Crystal got up and 
followed Basher to the floor.

Speed sat down next to Mandy. "What was that about?"

Speed suddenly realized he was now alone with Mandy. 
<<Okay, just answer the question and take it from 
there.>> Speed looked over at her. "Well, I think I've 
finally gotten Bash to tell Crystal fully how he feels 
about her."

Mandy laughed. "Basher and commitment? That's a new one."

Suddenly, the words just started to spill out from him. 
"Tell me about it. You should have seen me trying to get 
him to do it."

"Well," she replied, "I'll admit you do have a way with 
words when it comes down to it." Unnoticed by her, Speed 
blushed slightly.

As Basher and Crystal were dancing, she could tell he was 
nervous about something. "Is something wrong, Basher?" 
she asked.

"Uh, well, Crys...... there's something I want to tell 
you," Basher said.

"And that is?"

Basher took a deep breath. "Crystal,I-----" Basher was 
suddenly cut off by a huge explosion. A wall caved in 
and a dark cloaked figure stepped out. "What the heck?!?"

"You all are now being held hostage," the figure said, 
"By the Dark Legion!"


Chapter 7

"The Dark Legion?!?!?" Basher exclaimed,"You've gotta be 
kiddin' me!"

The DLer turned around and saw Basher. He turned back 
towards the hole they had made. "Hey, Master! Better come 
take a look at this!"

Out stepped a blue echidna. His cybernetic parts 
consisted of a robotic right leg and left arm and three 
cybernetic dreadlocks. "Who're you?!?" Crystal demanded.

The blue echidna cocked an eyebrow. "And who are you to 
be demmanding such things?"

"For your information," Crystal said, "I am the Princess 
of the Royal House of Acorn. So, I have right to demand 
'such things' and why you've just taken this place 
hostage."

"Fine. I am Zartox. New leader of the Dark Legion. Our 
past two leaders led us in the wrong direction. WE are 
the SUPREME race and we intend to take what's ours!"

"Not if we have anything to say about it," Speed said, 
him and Mandy taking up positions next to Basher and 
Crystal. "And before you ask, I'm Prince Speed Acorn." 
He bowed sarcastically.

"Like I really care," Zartox said. "Commander. Open 
fire." The Legionairs did as they were told and fired 
upon them. Crystal grabbed Basher and Speed grabbed 
Mandy and rushed out of the way at full speed, or as 
fast as Crystal could go with her dress. The other 
people had already moved out of the way and were 
either under their tables or hiding in the restroom.

Speed, Crystal, Basher, and Mandy ducked behind an 
overturned table. "So, what do we do now?" Basher asked.

"Well," Speed said, "it's a pretty good bet Constable 
Remington and MST will be here soon. Antoine too, 
considering the situation. They should be able to flush 
them out. But until then..."

Mandy cut him off. "We keep the bystanders safe by laying
a line of distraction for the DL. Right?"

"Right," Crystal said, "But it'll kind of be hard for me 
and Mandy to fight in dresses."

"Yeah," Basher said. "You may look good in them, but 
Cyber Armor they ain't."

"Flattery will get you nowhere," Crystal said, then smiled,
"At least not here. But he's right."

"Ah, that's easy to take care of, sis," Speed commented, 
"Me and Bash'll take care of the goon squad. You two can 
get the civilians out and to a safer place in the building."

"Got it," Mandy replied.

"Alright," Crystal said, "Then let's do it."

******

Constable Remington climbed out of the van, followed by the other MST 
agents and Antoine. "Alright, people," Remington ordered, "Surround the 
building! But try and avoid the DL guards. We don't want to lose any 
lives here."

"This does not make any sense," Antoine said. "Ze Dark Legion has been at 
peace with us for years. Why attack now?"

"I know," Remington mused, "It dosen't make sense."

Antoine went to the back of the van and turned on the comm unit. "I had 
better contact Sonic and Sally before either of them do anything 
irratonal."

*****

Sonic rushed to the comm unit as soon as he heard it. "Sonic here," 
Antoine's name came up on the screen,"Yo, Ant, what's up?"

"Sonic, we have a problem at the resturant Speed, Crystal, Basher, and 
Mandy went to," Antoine said.

"What?" Sonic asked.

"Ze Dark Legion has apparetly broken our peace, they've took ze entire 
restaurant hostage." Antoine finished.

"Alright, Ant," Sonic said, "I'll be right there."

"No wait!" Antoine exclaimed, "If you come barging in like zat, there's 
no tellling what might happen! And what would be worse is if you and/or 
Sally came in Cyber Armored. Think of what's best for everyone. If we do 
need you, we'll call you. Antoine out." And with that, Antoine cut the 
communication link.

******

Speed lept out of the way as the Legionair shot an energy blast at 
him. "Ha! You've gotta be quicker than that to hit me!" The young 
hedgehog lept into the air and hit the Legionair in the chest as 
another one advanced on him. Speed spun around and swept the 
Legionair's legs out from under him. "How're you doin', Bash?"

Basher threw an uppercut to a Legionair's jaw, making him topple to the 
ground. "Fine. I just hope we're distracting them enough for Crys and 
Mandy to get everyone to a safe place." He threw a kick to a DLer's gut.

Out of the corner of his eye, Speed noticed Zartox making a run for it. 
"Well, well, well." Speed thought for a moment. "Basher, can you take 
care of the rest of these goons? I'm gonna go after chuckles....."

"No problemo, Speed," Basher said, "But be careful, man."

"You got it," Speed said as he zoomed off after Zartox.

*******

Crystal and Mandy moved quickly down the hallway, many people 
trailing behind them, hoping to find an exit not guarded by a 
Legionair. Suddenly, two DLers lept out of a side room. "Great," 
Crystal muttered. One of the Legionairs raised a blaster at them. 
Faster than the Legionair could react, Crystal swept his feet out
from under him. The other charged at Crystal, but Mandy stopped 
him by grabbing him and flipped him over her shoulder. Then they 
continued down the hall.

As Mandy turned the corner she ran into something. Once she got 
readjusted, she saw it was five MST officers. "How did you guys
get in here?" she asked.

"Simple," one of the officers said, "We found a low unguarded entrance 
that they haven't found yet."

"Good. Get these people out of here. We need to go back for Basher and 
Speed," Crystal said.

"Not without backup, Princess," the lead officer said, "Lets go, guys."

*******

Crystal, Mandy, and three MST officers entered the main room to find 
Basher finishing off the remaining Legionairs. Crystal ran up to 
him. "Where's Speed?"

Basher uppercutted the last Legionair and then turned to her. "He went 
after Zartox, who ran out as soon as he realized he was losing."

"Which way did he go?" Mandy asked.

"Up."

********

Zartox exited the entrance to the roof and slammed the door behind him. 
The spiral stairs had slown Speed down somewhat, but he knew the 
hedgehog still wouldn't be far behind. The blue echidna ran to the edge 
of the roof and looked around for his escape transport. Suddenly, the door 
was destroyed by Speed in a Sonic Spin. "Well, well, well," Speed 
said, "Looks like you've ran out of running room."

"You won't even be able to touch me, hedgehog," Zartox replied as a hover 
transport rose up next to the roof. Before Speed could react, Zartox 
shot an electric blast to his gut, knocking him to his knees. Zartox 
lept onto the transport and turned arund in Speed's direction. "Oh, 
and here's a parting gift." The echidna threw an electric grenade onto
the roof and then climbed into the transport.

Before Speed could move, the grenade explodeed and threw him up against 
a wall.

Crystal, Basher, Mandy, and many MST officers soon exited the roof's 
entrance as the transport flew away. All of them immediately noticed the 
injured Speed and rushed to his side. An MST officer took the hedgehog's 
pulse and breathed a sigh of relief. "He's alive. But out cold. He 
needs medical attention badly though."


Chapter 8

Place: Ririn Island.

Knuckles struggled against his restraints as one of Cemator's guards 
chained up Julie-Su next to him. The Tronopolis guards, Govoner Shon, 
the scientists, and the archeologists were all in one gigantic cell. 
The cavern they were in was humongous. It had cells and dark tunnels 
that were littered all along the sides. Knuckles knew that even if he 
and Julie-Su were able to escape, they'd get lost in them. The one 
thing he noticed the most though was the Cyber Emerald of Earth hanging 
above Cemator's throne. He could feel his de-powered Cyber Emerald in his 
backpack all the way on the other side of the room pulsing. He suspected 
this is what Sally felt when she was going after the Water Emerald. How 
Cemator got it, Knuckles did not know, but he knew he had to get it from 
him. He had to keep Cemator distracted though until he could think of a 
plan. "What the heck do you want with us anyways?!?" Knuckles spat.

Cemator walked over near them and laughed slightly. "I guess you deserve 
to know why you're going to die, huh, Guardian?... Oh, I forgot, that's 
former Guardian, since you're responsible for the Floating Island's 
destruction, correct?" Cemator smiled under his hood, even though neither 
Knuckles or Julie-Su could see it.

That last remark was like a sword through Knuckles heart._No, that's not 
true!_ he tried to tell himself, _It was Robotnik!_ But no matter how 
many times Julie, Sonic, Sally, Lara-Su, or Basher told him that, he 
could never fully believe it.

"Well, actually," Cemator continued, "I was hoping Sonic and the Prowers, 
Tails and Jewel would come instead. But I'll just kill you, and they'll 
surely come." Sonic and Sally had told Knuckles and Julie about Cemator 
before, and what he did to Josh. He knew he was evil, but not this bad!

"What do you want with Sonic, Jewel, and Tails?" Julie asked.

"Very simple, my dear," Cemator replied, "Sonic was responsible for my 
original death and Tails and Jewel were the ones responsible for 
banishing me to the Shreaka dimension. I'm going to kill you, then dump 
you on their doorstep, and they'll come running." He said that last 
sentence so easily, it sent chills up both echidnas' spines.

"Now who should I kill off first?" Cemator mused. "I think I'll kill you 
first, Lady Julie-Su. Then you'll feel responsible for another death 
before you're dead." He then raised his hand towards Knuckles, releasing 
his restraints. Knux feel to the ground. Immediately Cemator's sceptor 
glowed and he clutched his sides in pain.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HIM?!?!?!?!?" Julie yelled in anger.

"Oh, fiesty. I like that in a woman." Cemtor laughed. "Too bad I have to 
kill you. Anyways, what I'm doing to him is this. I am making him relive 
the pain of all those who died when the Floating Island was destroyed. It 
will eventually hurt him so much that he won't even be able to move, and 
then when I kill you, the pain will be so unbearable that the Guardian 
will die soon after you... oh, damn. I keep forgetting, he destroyed the 
Floating Island. Anyways, it's wonderful, isn't it?"

"You're sick," Julie shot at him.

"Why, thank you." Cemator mock-bowed, "It really is too bad you have to 
die. Maybe when I've done away with the rest of my enemies, I'll bring 
you back to life. I'll need some amusement while touring Mobius."

"I'd rather go to hell," Julie spat.

"Heh. That can be arranged." Cemator said. "Now, time to die." Cemator 
raised his hand again and Julie's restraints were released. But instead 
of falling to the ground, she floated half a foot off the ground. 
Cemator then levitated her over to him and forcefully grabbed her by the 
scruff of her shirt.

Knuckles looked up to see what was happening. He wished he could help 
her, but the pain was too bad. The howls of all those lost souls echoed 
through his head.

Cemator raised his sceptor high into the air, the crystal on top glowed 
and morphed into a blade.

Knuckles was horrified that he couldn't help. _Julie..... it can't end 
like this..... Julie, my father, Lara, Basher, my mother..... everybody 
that means anything to me...... I CAN'T LET THEM DOWN!!!!!!!!!_ Pushing 
back the pain, Knuckles rose to his feet. "CEMATOR!!!!!!!"

Cemator staggered back. "What the?!?"

Knuckles clenched his fists. "You think you can control me like some toy, 
well you're wrong!!!!! I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FLOATING ISLAND'S 
DESTRUCTION!!!!! I did everything in my power to try and stop it!! There 
was nothing I could do about It! Now, get your filthy hands off my wife 
before I break them off!"

Taking the opprotunity, Julie kicked Cemator in the crotch as hard as 
she could. Cemator immediately dropped both her and his sceptor. Julie 
got up and ran over to Knuckles. "Remind me never to get you mad," 
he said.

"You got it, hon," she responded and then reached down and pulled her 
blaster out from her left boot. "Always come prepared."

The guards that were in the chamber ran over to Cemator and surrounded 
him to protect him from Knuckles and Julie as more soldiers started to 
fill the room. Cemator's hood had now fallen down. "KILL THEM!!!!!!"


Chapter 9

Kuckles slammed his right fist into one of the soldiers' chest and his 
fist went right through it and the soldier collapsed. Knuckles looked 
under its cloak to find that it was, "A skeleton?"

Julie threw a kick to one soldier's chest and grabbed and pulled down 
its hood. "Yep, they sure are." She then shot it point blank in the 
face.

"Good," Knuckles said, "Then I can fully cut loose." Knuckles turned his 
head to see five soldiers advancing on him from his right. Suddenly they 
were swept away, thrown across the room and slammed against the 
wall, without Knuckles even touching them.

Julie made her way to their backpacks and reached in his to find his 
Cyber Emerald." Yo, Knux, catch!" She tossed it over to him and he caught 
it.

"Thanks, Julie." Knuckles saw that the room was now almost fully filled 
up with soldiers. "Time to go for the green." Knuckles charged through 
them, plowing right through them. He then lept into the air and planted 
his feet on one of their shoulders. He used that soldier as a 
springboard to take off towards the Earth Cyber Emerald. When he was 
only about a foot away from it, Cemator uleashed a gigantic blast of 
green energy that enveloped Knuckles. The blast created a cave in. 
Rocks started to rain down upon everything.

Julie was now at the cell holding the prisoners trying to free them when 
she saw what was happening. "Knuckles!"

The rocks were crushing many of the soldiers, and blocked off all 
exits. Suddenly, one of the rock piles started to glow from within and 
was blown away. When the dust cleared they saw Knuckles in his green and 
black Cyber Armor with glowing red eyes. He jetted over to where Julie 
was. She had now broken the lock, but there was one problem. "Knuckles, 
we're trapped."

"Tell me about it." He shot a particularly big boulder that was falling 
near them, blowing it to pieces. "Look I'm gonna try something." Knuckles 
then closed his eyes and concentrated, calling upon the Guardian powers 
that flowed through his veins. Suddenly a portal opened up, "Everyone 
go!" He herded everyone in and just before he started to enter, he 
turned to Cemator, seeing that the light-brown hedgehog was being 
covered by the rocks. "You lose." He then entered just as the walls fell 
down upon Cemator.

As Knuckles exited out of the portal outside the mountain, the portal 
blinked out. Knuckles immediatly de-activated his armor and ran over to 
Julie and embraced her in a deep passionate kiss. "Wow, what's gotten 
into you?" she asked.

"I think I've finaly come to a reckoning."


Epilogue

Place: Mobotropolis

Knuckles looked out the cab's window at the passing by scenery of the 
city. Then he looked over at Julie-Su resting at his side. He then saw 
something that caught his attention. Ambulances, MST vechicles, and a 
big crowd gathered around them. "Hey, driver, stop." The driver did as 
told, as he shook Julie slightly to wake her up. "Hey, Julie, wake up." 
The two got out and made her way through the crowd. As they got through, 
Knuckles saw something that surprised him. He saw Sonic, Sally, Antoine, 
Crystal, Basher, Mandy, and Constable Remington talking. Mandy was 
crying uncontrollably.

"Knux!" Sonic exclaimed.

"Sonic, what happened here?" The echidna asked.

Sonic couldn't get the words out, he just pointed at the ambulance. 
Knuckles and Julie turned around to see Speed being loaded onto it. "What 
happened here?" Julie asked.

"The Dark Legion," Sonic growled.

"What?!?" Knuckles exclaimed. "But that's impossible!"

******
Place: The Devil's Gulag.

In the prison's courtyard, Nack and his gang were gathered around. "So 
what's the plan, Nack?" Flying Frog asked.

Nack smiled. "Drago."

To Be Continued.......

Stats:
Name: Locke "Basher" Echidna the second
Sex: Male
Fur color: Red

Coming Soon:

Knuckles/Spawn

Cyber Sonic #4: Emerald Quest Part 3

Sonic The Hedgehog Saga #2: Firebird

Thanks for readin'! Seeya next time!
Duo P.