Sonic The Hedgehog Saga #1: New Beginings
By Kenny Hillis a.k.a. Duo Prower

Legal Stuff: Sonic, Tails, Sally,and related characters 
are owned by Sega and/or Archie. Bookshire Draftwood is owned by David 
Pistone. Jewel and Joshua are owned by me, and cannot be used without 
my permission. But if you ask, I'll probably let you, just tell me 
about the story first.

Author's Note: Wanting to have get this series out soon, and the fact 
that "Knuckles' Reckoning" is taking a while to write, I'm going to 
start this now. This series ties in with Cyber Sonic, but you don't 
have to read that to enjoy this. The king, as you may notice, acts a 
little strange during this story, but that will be explained in the 
next Sonic Saga. The next one will also be better than this one. This 
is mostly a setup. Also, this story can get a little sappy at some ]
points, so you've been warned.

Characters (In order of appearance)
Sonic Hedgehog
Jewel Hedgehog
Princess Sally Acorn
Bunnie Rabbot
Bookshire Draftwood
Jules Hedgehog
Bernie Hedgehog
Miles "Tails" Prower
Antoine D'Coolette
Prince Elias Acorn
King Maximillian Acorn
Geoffrey St. John
Amy Rose
Joshua
Rotor
Dulcy
Hershey
Valdez
??????? (It's a surprise)
Eggrobos
WARbots
SWATbots
Combots
Heavy
Bomb
Wombat Stu



Year: 3238
Place: The Planet Mobius
What has gone on before: After the defeat of Ixis Naugus, Sonic 
Hedgehog and Miles "Tails" Prower returned to Mobotropolis to find out 
a startling secret. Princess Sally Acorn had a brother, Prince Elias 
Acorn,that had been brought back from the Floating Island by Geoffory 
St. John and his team. No sooner than Naugus was defeated, the Freedom 
Fighters faced a new threat, Snively. Now, after finaly defeating him,
the heroes currently have to stay in Knothole while Mobotropolis is 
rebuilt, and the last of Snively's Eggbots are removed.

Chapter 1

Sonic the Hedgehog raced through the woods at astounding speeds, but 
his mind was not on his running. << I have to tell her tonight,>> he 
thought, << or I'm never gonna get up the nerve.>> His thoughts were 
interrupted by a small moan off to the side. Sonic screeched to a halt 
and went to inspect.

He moved behind a tree to see a young female, purple hedgehog. She had 
hair quills similar to Amy Rose's but not as many. Most of her quills 
were like his and his family's. She also wore an orange vest and 
sneakers. She was injured and barely conscious. Sonic picked her 
up and raced towards Knothole.

*****
Knothole


Sally and Bunnie entered Bookshire Draftwood's hut 
to find him sitting at his computer looking as bored as 
they were. He turned around and greeted them. "Hi," he 
paused, "Anything interesting happening?"

They shook their heads. "No," Sally said, "It seems 
nothing interesting has happened since Snively was 
defeated. NOT that I want him back."

Suddenly Sonic flew through the door carrying a young 
girl. "Yo, Doc!" he yelled, "I got a patient for ya!" 
Bookshire placed the purple hedgehog on a bed. After 
a few minutes, he looked up.

"She has a few bruised ribs, and a concussion. But a few 
days' rest should fix that."

"Who is she, Sonic?" Sally asked.

Sonic shrugged. "Ya got me. I just found her in the woods. 
She was hurt, so I brought her here." Suddenly Sonic noticed 
something clutched in the girl's hand. He looked to see it 
was a locket. Sonic picked it up and opened it. Then his eyes 
went wide.

"Sonic," Sally asked, "what is it?" Sonic didn't answer. 
Instead he bolted out of the room.

"What was that about?" Bunnie asked. Sally shrugged.

Sonic soon arrived at his parents' hut. He barged right 
in. "Explain this," he said, throwing the locket on the 
table. Jules picked it up and gasped, as did Bernie. 
Inside, the name "Jewel" was inscribed at the top 
followed by a picture of his parents, him when he was 
like 3 or 4, and a small purple hedgehog girl, no more 
than an infant.

"Wh-where did you get this?" Jules said in an unsteady 
voice.

"A girl I found In the forest today that was injured," 
Sonic said.

"Omigod," Bernie said," She's alive."

"What?!? Who?!?" Sonic exclaimed.

His parents took a deep breath, then Jules said," Sonic," 
he paused, "you have a sister."

"WHAT?!?" Sonic yelled. Sally entered with Bunnie and 
Tails.

"Did I just hear right?" Sally said.

Sonic didn't notice them. "How come you never told me 
this?!?!?"

"Sonic," Bernie said, "You were too young to remember. We 
thought she was killed in the coup."

"Well, you, or Uncle Chuck, could have at least bothered
to tell me!"

"We're sorry," Jules said, "We just never knew how to 
tell you."

Sonic didn't say a word. He just ran out and into the 
forest. "Geez," Bunnie said, "He keeps runnin' out on us."

"So that girl that Sonic found is his sister?" Sally 
asked. They nodded. "Listen, I'm going after him," 
she said as she too went out the door.

"Do ya'll want to see her?" Bunnie asked.

A smile spread across their faces. Bernie said, "Yes,
we'd like that very much."

*****

Hours later, the sun having already set, Sally looked at 
the last place she could think of, the ring pool. She found 
Sonic sitting on a log skipping stones across the water.
"Sonic?" she said.

Sonic looked up. "Oh, hi, Sal." Then he went back to 
throwing rocks.

"Sonic, I know this must be hard for you. I went through 
the same thing with Elias and my mother," she said.

He looked back up at her. "Yeah, well at least you hadn't 
been lied to before like I have. First I'm lied to about 
my parents being alive....."

Sally cut him off. "But Chuck had a good reason for 
that."

"I know," Sonic said, "But now this." He looked down and 
slammed his fist on the log. "They had no right to keep 
this from me."

"Sonic," she said, tilting his head so it faced her's, 
"can you imagine how hard it must be for parents to tell 
their child about that child's sibling?"

He sighed, "I guess your right. I mean I couldn't even 
try to imagine that."

"And you know they're sorry."

He nodded then smiled. "Thanks."

She smiled back. "No problem."

"Uh, Sally," Sonic said, "this might not seem like the 
right time, but if I don't do it now, I don't think I'll 
ever get up the nerve."

"And what would that be?" Sally asked.

"Okay, just do't say anything 'til I'm finished, okay?" 
She nodded. Sonic then stood up and pulled her up with 
him, holding her hands. "Sally, I love you, with my 
heart and my soul, more than my own life, and I have a 
question for you." He bent down on one knee, pulled out 
a small black box, and opened it, revealing a small ring.
"Princess Sally Alicia Acorn, will you marry me?"

*****

"What could be taking them so long?" Antione asked. He, 
Bunnie, Tails, and Charles were sitting with Jules and 
Bernie in their hut.

"I don't know shugah," Bunnie said, "It's gettin' 
late. Maybe some of us should go looking for them." 

Suddenly, Sonic and Sally walked through the door. "Well 
speak o' the devil," she said.

"Sonic," Bernie said, "we were starting to get worried 
about you."

Sonic looked at his parents. "Listen, I'm sorr-" But he 
was cut off.

"No," Jules said, "We're the ones who should be sorry. We 
never should have kept you in the dark like that."

"No, I should be for acting the why I did."

Tails sighed, "Now he's arguing over who should be 
sorry."

Sonic glared at him, then realized he was right. 
"Oops, sorr-...uh, never mind." After a few moments, Sonic 
said, "Everyone,we have something to say....."

"We're getting married!" Sally exclaimed.

"Hey," Sonic said, "I wanted to say that."

She smiled at him. "Sorry, couldn't help myself."

Everyone stared wide eyed and opened mouthed. "What's 
everyone so surprised about?" Sonic asked.

"Nothing....." Tails said.

"We just never thought you'd get up the nerve," Bunnie 
said.

Instead of coming up with a comeback like he usually 
would, he said, "I almost didn't, but after all these 
years, I knew it was about time."

At that moment, Prince Elias Acorn stepped into the hut. 
"Did I hear right?" he asked. They all nodded. "Well then, 
congratulations, Sally, Sonic. But-" He looked sympathetically 
at his sister, "You know what this means, don't you?" Sally nodded.

"What's he talking about, Sal?" Sonic asked.

Sally looked at him, and took a deep breath. "If I marry 
you, my father will strip away my title."

"What?" Sonic said.

"It's because of the Source of All, Sonic," Elias said.

"The Source of what?" Sonic asked, confused.

The Prince took a deep breath. "Even though my father 
would not want you to know of this, I feel it is your 
right to know this. The others can stay too.

"The Source is very hard to fully explain. Even I nor 
Sally fully understand it but here goes," Elias 
continued. "At the age of eight, the next heir to the 
throne is immersed in a pool of gold and silver. That is, 
to my knowledge, the Source. When the heir emerges the 
liquid is drained off of them, and that is used to create 
the sword and crown for that heir, creating a link between 
them and the heir. But the Source does more than that, it 
chooses that heir's life mate."

"And ze King was led to someone different than Sonic, 
correct?" Antoine said.

"Correct," Elias said.

"And that would be....." Sonic asked.

"Sally?" Elias looked at his sister.

Sally took a deep breath. "Antoine. My father said it 
chose Antoine."

"WHAT?!?" everyone but Sally and Elias shouted.

Before anyone had time to respond, they heard a voice at 
the door. "Sally....." They turned around to see King 
Acorn walk through the door. "Sally, why have you gone 
against my wishes?"

"How did you know?" Sally asked.

"I overheard your conversation." He then looked at Elias. 
"I can't believe you told them what you did."

"They, and especialy Sonic, had the right to know, Father,"
Elias answered.

The King glared at Sonic. "What right does he have to know?" 
He then glared at his daughter. "I can't believe you did this.
You know now that you're going to be....."

"TIME OUT!!!!!" Sonic yelled. "What right do YOU have to 
come and do this to your daughter, for God sakes?"

"I'm the king." 

"You wouldn't even be alive if it weren't for her!" he 
exclaimed.

Sally spoke up. "Or Sonic."

"I don't mean to sound stuck up, but I had a hand in it 
too, remember?" They looked to see Geoffrey St. John 
enter the room. "Now what's going on here?"

"Well, you ain't gonna like it, Geoff, but here goes," Tails
said. "Sonic asked Sally to marry him, she accepted, but 
the king wants her to marry Antoine, and unless she does, 
she won't be Princess anymore."

Geoffory didn't know how to react to this. He looked at 
Sonic, then Sally, and last at the King. He glared at him. 
"I can't believe you would do this to your own daughter." 

"What are you talking about, St. John? You don't want 
that hedgehog to marry her any more than I do!" the King 
exclaimed.

"That may be true, but I will not stand by while you treat 
her like this," St. John said.

King Acorn glared at everyone in the room, then stormed out.

Later, as everybody was leaving, Elias pulled Antoine and 
Bunnie to the side. Before they could say anything he 
quieted them. "Shhh, listen, I have an idea. But I need 
your help."


Chapter 2

A week later

Sonic raced around around the track as Joshua Stron, a 
hedgehog, waited in the stands. "Where are they?" he asked 
himself. Suddenly two hands went over Joshua's eyes. 
"What the?!?" he exclaimed. He turned around to see Amy Rose 
standing there. "Oh, it's you. You scared me half to death."

She let out a small laugh. "Sorry," she said giving a 
light kiss and sitting down. "Where's Tails?"

He shrugged, "You got me, why did you call us here 
anyway?"

"Well....."

Meanwhile as Sonic was running, he was also thinking 
about what had happened a week ago. <<Every time I try to 
talk to Sally about this, she avoids the subject.>> His 
thoughts were interrupted.

"Better stop thinking so hard."

"Huh?" he said.

"You're gonna give yourself a migraine." Sonic turned his 
head to see Jewel keeping up with him.

"WHAT THE?!?" Sonic exclaimed as he screeched to a halt. 
She stopped also. "How did you do that?" he asked.

"You mean running so fast? I've always been able to do 
that."

"But I was running at three fourths my speed. How fast 
can you run?"

"Well," she said, "that's my top speed, so I guess I'm 
not as fast as you."

"Hmmmmm, guess not," Sonic said, "Anyways, how long have 
you been out of bed?"

"Dang," Jewel said, "you must be more distracted than 
Mom and Dad say. I've been out of bed since yesterday."

"Oh, heh, sorry."

Meanwhile over at the stands, Amy pointed at Jewel. 
"That's the reason I called you guys. I met her 
yesterday, c'mon," she said as she pulled Joshua away.

As Amy introduced him, Tails was currently sitting in a 
tree watching. <<I don't think I could even talk to her 
without messing up!>> he thought looking at Jewel. He 
leaned his right arm on a branch. << She's so beauti-->> 
he didn't have time to finish his thoughts as the branch 
he was leaning on snapped, and he fell to the ground.

Everyone heard a big thud and raced over to see what had 
happened. They found Tails sitting on the ground rubbing 
his head. "You okay, Tails?" Sonic asked.

"Yeah," Tails replied.

"Here, let me give you a hand," Jewel said. Tails took her 
hand and was pulled up. Tails raised his head and his and
Jewel's eyes met. It was as if they were both in a 
trance. Before they could say anything, or before anyone 
could notice, they heard someone yelling.

"Sonic!" They looked over to see Elias running accross 
the field.

"What's up, Eli?" Sonic asked.

Elias stopped when he got to them. "I need all of the 
core Freedom Fighters to meet at Antoine's hut at 8:00 
tonight."

"What for?" Amy asked.

"I won't say till then," he said, "but I will say this. 
My father will be there." The five others gulped.

*****

Sonic, Sally, Tails, Jules, Bernie, Antoine, Bunnie, Jewel, 
Rotor, Amy, Joshua, Geoffory, the secret service, and King 
Acorn sat around Antoine's hut with Dulcy sticking her 
head through the window. "What have you called us here 
for, Elias?" the king said.

The prince stood up. "Father, I, Antoine, and Bunnie have 
been doing research over the past week on the source and 
everything relating to the current.....um, situation." 
Elias turned to his father. "Father, the source guided 
you to Antoine, right?"

"Yes," the King stated.

"What exactly did it tell you?" 

Maximillian stayed silent.

"We already know everything else, Father. It won't make 
any difference."

"Fine, it said the warrior that defeated Mobius' greatest evil."

"How did it say that?" Antoine asked.

"Kind of telepathically, but not quite," King Acorn said.

"Sonic was the one to defeat Robotnik," Antoine replied.

"From what I have heard from you all, you placed the bomb,
D'Coolette."

"NO," Sally said sternly. Acorn shot her a glare.        
"Antoine may have placed the bomb, but they never would 
have reached the UA without Sonic's help. We, you, would 
not be standing here today if it weren't for him." 

Antoine nodded.

"I have a suggestion," Elias said, getting everyone's 
attention. "I say we immerse Sonic in the Source."

"WHAT?!?" the King exclaimed. "NEVER!!!!!"

"This is not the first time this has been done in our 
family." He handed his father a book that had documented 
the Acorn family for centuries. "Read." The King read the 
page the book was opened to and grimaced. "Otherwise I 
wouldn't have suggested it."

"Well how do you expect to get to it?" Acorn said.

"Well, that's an easy one," Bunnie said. "Me, Ant, Eli, 
Sonic, Sally, Jules, and you, so you can trust us, go to 
Mobotropolis."

"I'm afraid I can't let the entire royal family go off 
on that. Too dangerous." Then he glanced at the King. A 
small smile that nobody except him noticed spread across 
the monarch's face. This made him mad. "That's why me, 
Valdez, and Hershey shall acompany you."

Elias shot a grin at Geoffrey. <<Looks like this will 
work after all, now.....>>

"Why do you even want to do this, Sally?" Acorn asked
his daughter.

"Even if I don't become Queen, I at least want your 
blessing on this. No matter what your opinion on this is, 
I love Sonic," she said.

"That's something else," Elias said. "I'm willing to 
step down from the throne."

"WHAT?!?" everyone exclaimed.

"Sally has earned it. She and Sonic led the Freedom 
Fighters to victory against Robotnik, Snively, and many 
others. We might not be here if it weren't for them," 
the Prince said. <<I just hope this is going to 
work.....>>


Chapter 3

Place: Mobotopolis.
Time: Five days later, night.

The team quickly made their way through the city, 
despite a few Eggrobos. Sonic, Sally, and Geoffory led. 
Followed by Hershey, Elias, the king, Bunnie, and Jules, as 
Antoine and Valdez took up the rear. They soon reached 
the palace, acarefully made their way through it and 
to the lower levels.

It took Geoffrey and Hershey to open the door to he 
king's former office. Inside was rubble from the final 
battle with Snively. Some of it was blocking the entrance 
to the source.

"No prob," Sonic said. "Stand back, everybody." The blue 
hedgehog revved up and sprinted towards the rocks. He 
went into a Sonic Spin and smashed through to the other 
side. Bunnie and Antoine cleared the rest of the rubble 
so the rest could get through.

The tunnel to the Source was long and winding, but they 
reached it. The pool of silver and gold glowed unnaturally,
illuminating the entire chamber.

"Yo," Sonic said, "You sure I won't melt in this stuff, Eli? 
It looks like molten metal."

Elias chuckled, "No,you won't. But you will have to 
immerse yourself fully in it since you're not of the Acorn 
bloodline, so your father will know."

"Okay," Sonic replied. He took off his sneakers and 
slowly put his foot in the pool, only to find that it 
was surprisingly cool, but not too much. He then put 
his whole body in, then he took a deep breath, and 
dunked his head in.

After the appropriate amount of time, Sonic emerged and 
pulled himself out. He shook the liquid off into a 
bucket and put his sneakers back on.

"Well, Jules?" Elias asked the hedgehog.

Jules closed his eyes and thought. He then opened them 
and looked at the king, and smiled. "A princess of great 
capabilities who led the defeat of the greatest evil."

Acorn clenched his fists angrily. Oblivious to his 
reaction, Sonic and Sally embraced in a loving kiss from 
this news.

"Y'know, I hate to interrupt such a tender moment....." A 
new voice cut in.

"What the...?" Sonic said.

"But I have plans of my own," the voice said again.

Sonic and the others looked up the tunnel to see someone 
they never thought they'd see again.

"PACKBELL!" Sonic exclaimed.

-----FLASHBACK--Sonic Super Special #6: Sonic 50 
Director's Cut--After Sonic ran into Bunnie and Antoine, and learning 
of their plan, Sonic moved quicker to his destination: A final showdown
with Dr. Julian "Ivo Robotnik" Kintobor.....-----

Place: Robotropolis.

Sonic moved like a man possesed. He was going to make Robotnik pay for 
what he did to Sally, and make him pay dearly. SWATbots appeared in 
front of him, hand lasers aimed and ready. Sonic didn't care, he tore 
through them without a word and hardly a thought. Only one thing was on
his mind now: Robotnik was responsible for Sally's death, and now it 
was time for him to pay his dues.

*****

Commander Packbell looked over the final preperations 
for the Ultimate Annihilator. Every thing was going just 
as planned. He had seen Sonic take down Snively earlier. 
He had mixed feelings about that. Glad Snively had 
gotten the crap kicked out of him, but mad he hadn't 
been the one to do it.<<Oh well,>> the android thought, 
<<If he's still alive, I'll find him after Knothole is dust, 
and then tell Robotnik Sonic did it. Heh-heh. That blue 
butthole can't even save his friends now, no matter how 
hard he fights.>> Suddenly, Packbell heard a Sonic Boom. 
<<Well, well, well.....>>

*****

Sonic burst into a room to find Packbell at a computer. 
The android turned around with a sadistic grin on his 
face. "Well hello sh**hog." Sonic didn't say a word. 
Packbell pressed a button on the console. Guns turned 
around on the wall, catching Sonic off gaurd. They shot 
and stunned him. Sonic slumped to the ground. Packbell 
laughed. "Man! You're too easy! Ha!"

The android grabbed a sword lying on the console. "Ready 
to join that bitch, Sally, on the other side, Sonic?" This 
made Sonic snap. He lunged at Packbell, catching HIM 
off-gaurd.

"Do't you EVER speak of her that way you s.o.b.!!!!!" 
Packbell threw Sonic off him.

"You'll regret that," Packbell said. Packbell lunged at 
Sonic with his sword. Sonic dodged and lept into the 
air, grabbing a pipe on the ceiling. Packbell lept toward 
Sonic again, but Sonic was ready this time. He planted 
both his feet on Packbell's chest, throwing him back and 
the sword flew out of his hand. With his free hand, 
Sonic caught it. Packbell was now mad with rage. He 
rushed toward Sonic. The android lept into the air, and 
Sonic swung the sword into Packbell's neck, cutting into 
it. Then Sonic caught Packbell with his legs, and twisted.
HARD.

Packbell fell limply to the ground, his head 
disconnected, only a few wires holding it from falling 
completely away. Packbell was dead. Sonic lept to the 
ground, picking up the sword up again. He raised it high 
and stabbed it into the android's chest. Packbell jerked 
when this was done, but after that, was fully dormant. 
Without another word, Sonic left the room and do what he 
came here to do. Get Robotnik.....

-----END FLASHBACK-----

"Yes, hedgehog I'm alive," Packbell said.

"B-but how.....?" Sonic muttered.

Packbell smirked,"I had my memory downloaded just in 
case." He paused. "Now, enough with the formalities..... 
EGGROBOS! WARBOTS! SWATBOTS! COMBOTS! ATTACK!!!!!" There 
was a rumbling outside, and then the walls started to 
cave in.


Chapter 4

Eggrobos, WARbots, SWATbots, and Combots charged into the 
chamber, toppling the walls. Packbell walked out of the 
chamber, followed by the Freedom Fighters. Running.  An 
Eggrobo appeared in front of Sonic and Sally. He grabbed her and 
sprinted away.

"Sally," he said as he placed her down. "Contact the 
back-up team. Now." She nodded as he ran off.

"Nicole," she said to her computer, "contact the other 
team."

"CONTACTING NOW, SALLY....."

*****

Tails sat on the outskirts of the great forest, waiting 
for the others to come back, or ask for help. Sitting 
near him were Amy, Joshua, and Jewel, who was looking at 
the city through binoculars. He tried to keep from 
looking at Jewel too much, but someimes he couldn't help 
it. <<I've _GOT_ to do something to get my mind off of 
her,>> the two-tailed fox thought.

He lept off the log he was sitting on. There were four 
others with them. Heavy, Bomb, Wombat Stu, and Dulcy, who 
Sally had placed in command. As he walked aimlesly 
around, he ran into Heavy. "Hey, kid," the robot said, 
"Somethin' the matter?"

"Uh, no," Tails said nervously. "Uh, why do you ask?"

"Tails, I'm a robot. I can sense when somebody is nervous 
or lying, and buddy, you're both."

"Uh well....." Tails paused, "Alright, you have me. The 
thing is....."

"Hey, guys!" Stu yelled, "We're getting a transmission!"

<<Saved by the yell.....>> Tails thought.

"What is it, Stu?" Dulcy asked.

Stu was silent for a few seconds. "Ah, man, they're in 
trouble!"

"What kind?" Jewel asked.

"The Packbell kind!" the wombat exclaimed.

There were gasps of shock from all of the others except 
Jewel. "Who's Packbell?"

"We'll explain later," Amy said.

"Alright people," Dulcy said, "Let's move!"

<<Now I know why Sally made Dulcy in charge,>> Tails 
thought as they got ready to head towards the city.

*****

This was bad. All of the Freedom Fighters were on the 
run from Packbell's forces. Sally and Elias were trying 
to get their father away as the others held the robots 
off. Eggrobos and WARbots chased Sonic through the city. 
The blue blur ducked into an alleyway, only to find 
Combots at the other end of it. "Whu-oh," he muttered. 
Suddenly, the 'bots were frozen in place. "Huh?" Then 
Sonic looked up to see Dulcy flapping over him.


"C'mon, Sonic!" she said, "The calvary has arrived!"

Meanwhile, a giant Eggrobo appeared in front of Sally, 
Elias, and the king. "I'll take him," Elias said, pulling 
out a sword. The Prince lept toward the 'bot, slicing it 
and exposing some circuts. As he landed on the ground, 
he pulled out a blaster, shooting the exposed circuts, 
taking the 'bot out.

Jewel had just spun through two SWATbots, but there were 
still more coming. "I hope this works," she muttered to 
herself. She pulled out a power ring and started to glow 
with energy. "It worked!" she exclaimed as she took out 
two Combots.

The battle raged on. Packbell emerged on top of a 
building, holding a high-tech crossbow, loaded with 
poisonous arrows. "Now," he said to himself. "Who should I 
kill first?"

Sally threw a small energy grenade at a 'bot, destroying 
it. <<This is starting to look hopeless.>> "Everybody! 
We're not going to beat him like this! We have to 
retreat!" she exclaimed.

As Sonic sprinted by he yelled, "Yeah, you're right, Sal!"

Suddenly, a WARbot appeared in front of Sally, its 
blaster trained on her. There was no way she could 
escape. Sonic saw this, and ran toward her. He pushed 
Sally just as the 'bot fired, taking the full blunt of 
the blast. The blast threw him against a wall with a 
loud--CRACK--, and he fell limply toward the ground. 
Just as the 'bot was about to shoot Sally, it was frozen 
in place. Dulcy landed next to Sonic and Sally ran over 
to her.

She pulled out Nicole. "Nicole," she was near tears, but 
she coudn't let herself cry, not at a time like this, 
"run a scan on Sonic."

After a few clicks, whirls, and beeps, Nicole said, "SONIC 
IS ALIVE, SALLY, BUT HE NEEDS MEDICAL ATTENTION IMMEDIATELY,
OR HE PROBABLY WILL DIE."

Sally jerked her head toward Dulcy. "We need to get Sonic to....."

"I know, load him up, Sally," Dulcy said. "I'll get him there 
as quick as possible."

Meanwhile, Jewel running at the momentum she was at, 
accidently hit something and flipped over forward. She 
cried out in pain as she hit the ground.

On the roof, Packbell saw what had happened to Jewel, and 
now had his target picked out. "Bye bye, hedgehog." He 
squeezed the trigger. The arrow flew toward Jewel. 
Suddenly, it stopped. Tails had caught the arrow in mid- 
flight.

"Hey, Packsmell!" the fox yelled. "Catch this!" Tails spun 
around and tossed the arrow straight into where it came 
from. The arrow going into the crossbow like that made 
it short-circuit. Packbell tossed the device down in 
anger.

Tails helped Jewel up, but she couldn't support her 
weight. "I-I think I sprained my ankle," she said.

"Dangit," he muttered. "Listen, uh, hold on." He wound up 
his tails and lifted her off the ground,flying her over 
the battle field to where Sally and Dulcy were. "We've got 
another patient!" Tails exclaimed.

"Jewel," Dulcy said, "I'm going to carry Sonic in my 
pouch. Can you make sure nothing happens to him?" Jewel 
nodded. Tails helped her up onto Dulcy's back.

Jewel looked at him. "Thank you."

Tails blushed slightly. "Uh, you're welcome."

Sally tossed Nicole up to Jewel. "Use Nicole to moniter 
him!" She paused, then continued, "Please make sure he 
gets back safely."

Jewel nodded. "I will," she said as Dulcy lifted off.

Elias came running up to them. "Sally! Tails!" he 
exclaimed, "We're getting beat here! We need to....."

"I know," Sally cut in. "But we need a major 
distraction."

Suddenly, Dulcy swept in front of them, creating a smoke 
cloud. This was their chance. The Freedom Fighters made 
their way through the confused robots, destroying them 
when they needed to. They ran toward the outskirts of 
the city as Packbell cursed at the top of his lungs.

When they reached the forest, Sally stopped. "How," she 
muttered, "How could this happen again?"

Antoine came running up next to her. "Princess, zere is 
nothing we can do now."

Sally bowed her head. "I know." She then turned around 
and joined the others.


Epilogue-----

Place: Knothole.
Time: Two weeks later.

Sally sat under a tree watching the sun set. "Sally?" 
Sally turned around to see Sonic, bandaged. "You okay?" he asked.

"What do you think, Sonic," she said. "We've gone on a few missions 
there and we haven't been able to take Packbell down. He has 
Mobotropolis, Sonic. And we had just finally won it back."

Sonic put a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Listen, we'll beat him.
Somehow."

Sally bowed her head. "Plus he probably knows where Knothole is."

"Sally, you don't know that. If he knew where it was, he 
would have attacked us by now."

She looked up at him. "But you know how Packbell is. If he knows, he'll 
want to make us sweat it out."

Sonic wrapped his arms around her. "But we have no way of knowing 
that. Until we get proof of that, let's not try and worry about it.
All we can do is be prepared just in case and keep trying to take
Packbell down."

"I know, Sonic. You're right. all we can do is be prepared. 
Thank you." She leaned closer to him and kissed him. "I 
love you, Sonic."

He smiled at her. "I love you too, Sally."

*****

Meanwhile, in deep space.....

The quiet of space suddenly is pierced by an explosion 
of some sorts. A large glowing hole opens up.

Emerging from that hole is a fiery being that streaks 
toward Mobius, hoping she isn't too late.....

To Be Continued.....

NEXT: "Firebird". Next time we learn exactly WHY the king 
has been acting so strangely lately. We also learn more of 
Jewel's past, and what Packbell's plan Is. Plus, guest 
starring Knuckles and the Chaotix.

One more copyright: Packbell is owned by David Pistone. 
The reason I didn't put this at the beginning is I didn't 
want to ruin who the vilian was.

Also coming soon: "Cyber Sonic #3: Emerald Quest Part 2- 
Knuckles' Reckoning."