


                            SALLYQUEST

                       by Daniel J. Drazen



     "Way!  Way for the King!"
     All at once Sally found herself in the middle of bedlam.  She
was surrounded by sights, sounds, and smells she'd never known
before.
     "Make way for the King!"
     She found herself in the middle of a crowd of Mobians jostling
her as they moved away from what appeared to be a street.  This
wasn't so much a street as it was a place where nobody had yet
decided to build a ramshackle house.  The houses on this street
were jammed up against each other so that the crowds in the street
were like the buildings behind them.  She saw little of the houses
themselves, but it seemed to her that they were in the style of
houses built on Mobius two thousand years ago, in that society's
Middle Ages.
     "Way!  Make way!"
     Sally looked around, racking her brain, trying to recognize
something familiar about this scene, but she could pick up on
nothing.  She reached down to retrieve Nicole.  Not only did she
discover that her hand-held computer was missing, but that she was
wearing a coarse garment that swathed her from her throat to her
ankle.  It was dark brown in color and as heavy as two blankets. 
It also smelled as if it had been worn for several weeks and had
never been washed.
     As for the Mobians milling about her, there was something odd
about them and it took Sally a few moments to realize what it was. 
These Mobians didn't seem to be paying attention to the voice
crying out in the street or to the approach of this King, whoever
he was.  From what she could see, their faces registered neither
curiosity nor awe nor adoration nor even anger.  Instead Sally saw
a profound sadness and a sense of resignation.  She still retained
a dim memory of standing next to her father on several state
occasions, and she remembered seeing crowds of people whose faces
showed a genuine affection for their King.  These Mobians, however,
more closely resembled slaves about to confront their master.
     "Way for the King!  Way for the King!"
     By simply standing her ground as the others in the crowd
melted away from the center of the street, Sally found herself
close to the front of the mob.  She could now see someone moving
down the street.  She had expected to see a brightly-dressed
herald, but instead saw a knight.  He walked the street on foot, a
drawn sword in his right hand.  He towered over the Mobians in the
crowd by about a foot at least.  The visor of his helmet was down,
and the plate armor and chain mail he wore were a dull black.  He
carried no shield and bore no heraldic colors or devices.  He
walked with a steady, measured step.
     "Way!  Way for the King!"
     Sally could not yet see the King so she again looked at the
people about her.  They shrank away from the knight as he
approached.  Sally then looked back up the narrow street and saw
several more knights wearing armor and mail identical to that of
the first knight, ranked around...
     "DADDY!"
     There, in the midst of the the knights, walked a solitary
figure.  A gold circlet rested on his head, and he wore a blue robe
embroidered with the Cosmic Serpent over the heart, a garment that
only the King of Mobius was entitled to wear.  Yet he walked with
head down and shoulders sagging, as if his lot in life were no
different from that of the Mobians crowded around him.
     But this sad King was indeed the very image of Sally's father. 
Every other consideration was pushed from her mind as she lunged
out of the crowd and started toward him.
     "DADDY!"
     She could not see the crowd of Mobians behind her, staring and
gasping as some woman who was obviously mad dashed from amongst
them and ran toward the King.  Sally had almost reached the King
when one of the knights in the front rank brought up his arm and
struck Sally in the face with the back of his metal gauntlet.  She
dropped to the ground unconscious.


                       *        *        *


     "Lie still, now."
     Sally was lying on a bed that was little more than several
blankets wrapped around straw and supported by a wooden frame.  A
cloth covered her eyes and the top of her head.  She reached up to
feel it; it was cool and damp.  "Where am I?" she asked.
     "Hush, girl."  
     Sally sat up a little too quickly and felt a sharp pain on the
side of her head.  She lay back down.
     "Perhaps now you'll listen.  Just lie still."
     "All right," she said, but she did lift the cloth from over
her eye, the one that wasn't painful.  She saw that she was inside
a small room roughly furnished with a table, two chairs, and with
a chest resting on the wooden floor in one corner.  The contents of
a small iron kettlle simmered over a low fire in the stone hearth. 
The reddish light of evening streamed in through one of the two
windows in the room.  It looked, to Sally, like a very poor version
of one of the huts back in Knothole.
     Seated at the table, cutting vegetables, was a female rabbit
whose age Sally could not determine.  There was something about her
face that told Sally she was an adult, probably about 30 years of
age.  Yet there was also something about her manner, about the way
she carried herself as she gathered the vegetables together and
added them to the pot, that suggested she had seen trouble beyond
her years.  It was an unusually uncomfortable expression because it
also seemed so familiar, though she couldn't quite place it.  Then
it occurred to Sally that this rabbit looked the way Sally had felt
the first night she and the other children had arrived at Knothole:
her father gone, Mobius conquered, a pall of misery descending on
everyone and everything.
     "Did you bring me here?" Sally asked.
     "I did," the rabbit said sternly without looking up.  "Don't
ask me why."
     "Thank you."
     At that, the rabbit turned on her sharply.  "And what's THAT
for, then?" she snapped.
     "You helped me and...and I'm grateful."
     The rabbit put her knife aside, wiped her paws on her apron,
and brought her chair closer to Sally.
     "Forgive me, girl.  It's been a long time since I heard civil
words from another soul.  A long time since anyone in Castle Mobius
has had anything civil to say to their neighbor."
     "What's your name?"
     "Lindsey."
     "I'm Sally."
     "Well, Sally, you were almost taken away by the King's Guard. 
If that had happened...."  She shook her head quickly.  "Never
mind.  Anyway, I took you inside myself.  And I'm past caring what
anyone may think."
     Sally felt that Lindsey was hinting at something, and it was
something she didn't want to discuss voluntarily.  She knew better
than to press the issue.
     "Now as for you yourself," Lindsey went on, "you'd better not
go around saying such nonsense again."
     "What do you mean, nonsense?"
     "You ran out into the street, shouting.  Bad enough you got it
into your head to approach the King.  But to claim that he's your
Father!  Have you quite regained your sense now, girl?"
     Momentarily, Sally forgot that she was somehow in another time
and place.  All she knew was that she suddenly felt empty and sad,
as she had when as a child she had watched her father being taken
away by Robotnik's SWATbots toward an uncertain fate.  She rolled
over on her side, put her face in her hands, and began to cry.
     Sally was so caught up in her grief that she was only dimly
aware that Lindsey had knelt down on the floor next to Sally's bed. 
Gently she took Sally by the shoulders, raised her up, and cradled
her in her arms.  Lindsey began to sway slightly in a rocking
motion.  Eventually, Sally stopped crying.  She then heard Lindsey
softly singing a song which was unknown to her.  Yet the melody was
so simple and Lindsey's voice was so soothing that Sally was
immediately calmed by it.  A few minutes later, Sally felt
Lindsey's grip loosen.
     "Feel any better now?" Lindsey asked.
     "Much better, thank you."
     Lindsey smiled.  She looked for a moment as if she wanted to
do or say something else as she started to bring her face closer to
Sally's.  But with a mixture of anger and impatience she let go of
Sally and stood.
     "You might as well have something to eat, then, if it hasn't
burned."  With that, Lindsey turned her attention to the iron pot
in the hearth.
     Sally was perplexed and hurt by this sudden change in
Lindsey's mood, but did not let it show.  She slowly sat up.  The
pain in her head had subsided, though she could feel that the part
of her face where the knight had struck her was sore and slightly
swollen.
     Lindsey brought out two wooden bowls and filled them with the
stew that was in the pot.  She handed one of the bowls to Sally,
and Sally thanked her once more.  Lindsey shook her head and said
nothing.
     "You sing very beautifully," Sally said, hoping to engage
Lindsey in conversation.
     "Now THERE's a lamp hidden under a bushel," Lindsey said with
a trace of disgust.
     "What do you mean?"
     "I mean, why should I have been given such an ability when
there's no means of doing anything with it?"  It sounded to Sally
as if this was a question that had occurred to Lindsey a million
times.
     "Are Mobians not allowed to sing?"
     "You MUST be from a far country!"
     "You...you might say that."
     "Well, if you want to play the stranger have it your own way. 
It's not as if we aren't allowed to sing; we just haven't much to
sing about.  Not since the King engaged the services of the
knights."
     "Who ARE they?  I've never seen anyone like them before."
     "Then you've lived a blessed life.  Some years back Castle
Mobius was like any other kingdom, drawing its knights from the
lesser nobles of the region.  Then one day and without any reason,
the knights were simply dismissed, and...and THEY began to appear."
     "The black knights, you mean?"
     "Yes.  They proved to be taller and stronger than our own, and
professed to serve the King as their master and lord.  Yet from
that day forward they have been more like prison guards and we
their prisoners.
     "It was about that time that they took on an added duty.  The
King decreed that it was the duty of every man, woman or child to
report any violation of the laws of Heaven or Mobius to the knights
who daily walk our streets.  There had never been such a decree to
anyone's recollection, and it's thought that the King's confessor
had come up with the idea.  Not that anything can be done about it
now," she added, sighing.
     "What do you mean?"
     "The residents of Castle Mobius took the King's decree to
heart, and it was like a poison.  Once not so long ago the people
of this place were like a family.  Now everyone here regards
everyone else with a cold suspicion.  We denounce each other for
acts small and great, whether they happened or not.  But enough. 
After all, it's not as if we live in Knot...."  She stopped herself
in mid-word.
     Sally started.  "Knothole!?  You know about it?"
     Lindsey eyed her more suspiciously than ever.  "Now why is it
that someone who's played so ignorant as you up until now should
know about Knothole?"
     "I...I've been there.  In another time."
     Lindsey rose and walked to a nearby window.  The sun had set
and only a handfull of lights burned in some of the houses.
     "Never mind," Lindsey said dismissively.  "Forget I said
anything.  Time for bed, anyway."
     Sally lay back on the bed on which she was seated.  "Thank you
again, Lindsey.  You've been very kind."
     Lindsey said nothing as she continued to look out the window. 
Sally settled back down to go to sleep.
     Yet she did not sleep.  She watched as Lindsey stirred the
fire so that only a low bed of glowing coals remained.  Then in the
near-darkness she watched as Lindsey sat at the table, laying her
head in her folded arms, as if to go to sleep.
     It seemed like hours before Sally's stillness and steady
breathing had lulled Lindsey into believing that the stranger was
indeed sound asleep.  She then watched as Lindsey slowly rose,
crossed the floor, and slipped out into the night.
     Sally had been uneasy about Lindsey's talk of mistrust and
denunciation among those of Castle Mobius.  Now she was certain
that Lindsey had left to turn her in to the black knights.  She
guessed that, as in her own world, the location of Knothole was
generally unknown even though others may have known about it.  She
suddenly felt she'd be better off there than anywhere else.
     Throwing off the blanket in which she had wrapped herself, she
opened the door and looked down the street.  Nobody was about.  She
slipped out into the street and kept to the shadows.
     From what she knew of the architecture of that time, a walled
castle like this one appeared to be had one major entrance at the
castle gate.  She made her way down the maze of small streets,
inching her way toward the castle wall.
     At length she saw the gate.  It stood opposite an empty
courtyard from the doorway where she watched.  There seemed to be
no knights nearby to guard it.  She emerged from the shadows and
walked stealthily toward the gate.
     She was in luck.  The castle drawbridge appeared to be down. 
The only thing between her and the outside was the huge portcullis. 
There was no door she could take, and the criss-crossed timbers
were too close together to crawl through the open spaces.  She then
looked up.  She could see what appeared to be a small gap between
the top of the portcullis and the masonry of the gate.  It was a
slight gap and too small for a knight in armour to climb through. 
     Sally took off the garment she was wearing, feeling glad to be
rid of it.  Then she started to climb up the portcullis.  Reaching
the top, she slid between the portcullis and the stonework.  She
then began climbing down the other side.
     "HALT!"
     The cry came from one of the black knights, who suddenly
stepped into the empty courtyard.  He then raised a crossbow and
fired in Sally's direction.  The bolt struck just inches from
Sally's face, splintering the wood of the beam.  She could now hear
other knights approaching.
     Instinctively, Sally pushed herself away from the portcullis,
turning halfway around in midair.  She tucked and rolled as she hit
the ground, then began running as she got to her feet.  Once away
from the castle gate, she plunged into the forest as she heard the
knights noisily beginning to raise the portcullis.
     She now felt that she was back in her element.  She had been
on nighttime missions against Robotnik without number, and there
was nothing she didn't know about moving through the woods in the
dark.  There was something comforting, reassuring, about being back
in the forest.  But was it the Great Forest?  And WHERE was she
exactly?  Lindsey had almost said "Knothole," but was it the same
Knothole she had left?  Or was it all mere coincidence?
     She moved on into the forest, occasionally pausing to listen
to determine if she was being pursued.  She only needed to stop
twice before realizing that there was no way that even one knight
in armour could pursue her without giving himself away.  She then
turned her attention to her goal.
     Despite the darkness that surrounded her, Sally somehow felt
that this was indeed the Great Forest.  She turned to the North, on
the assumption that Castle Mobius occupied the spot where
Mobitropolis would one day stand.  She knew that she could not
trust the trees as landmarks.  She needed something more permanent.
     The river.  The river that ran past Knothole.  Its source was
hidden deep in the Great Forest, and Robotnik had never been able
to find the sheltered spot where it flowed out into Mobius Bay.  If
she wanted to find Knothole, that was her best chance.
     She continued on, pausing to listen not for pursuit, but for
the sound of running water.  For hours she walked, not sure if she
wasn't walking in circles, but determined to keep moving.  Finally,
just as she felt at the end of her strength, she heard it: the
sound of water just beyond a thick undergrowth.  After struggling
for several minutes, she was through.
     The moon was full and the night was cloudless, but this deep
into the Great Forest the moonlight was scarce at best.  Yet even
in total darkness Sally would have known the place.  For she had
managed to reach what would in future years be the pool where Sonic
would harvest the power rings he needed to augment his natural
speed and to take it to new levels.  It was smaller but still
recognizable.
     Sally broke into a broad smile, as if seeing an old friend. 
She fell to her knees at the edge of the pool, dipped her hand into
the pool and drank repeatedly.  Then, forgetting her objective and
her pain and overcome by fatigue, she dropped to the soft ground
and was fast asleep in an instant.


                       *        *        *


     "On your feet, water sprite!"
     Sally squinted.  Sunlight hit her face.  There were several
figures standing around her.  Most of them held simple staffs,
though at least one held a crossbow.
     Sally began to get to her feet.  She realized that a blanket
of some kind had been draped over her.  Tired of the discourteous
behavior if nothing else, she took her time in folding the blanket. 
She then handed it to one of the Mobians and began walking in the
direction they indicated, toward Knothole.
     The central cluster of buildings, hidden beneath smoothe mound-
like canopies, was not there.  The rest of Knothole, however,
looked very much like the Knothole she had left behind.  She
suddenly remembered WHY she had left it, and why she had gone to
the Floating Island.  It stung her heart, and all thought of being
a prisoner vanished as she started scanning the faces of the few
Mobians about her, looking for someone familiar no matter how
illogical that search might be.
     Almost all of the Mobians in Knothole who watched Sally being
escorted among them wore simple peasant dress.  They did not have
the defeated, resigned look of the residents of Castle Mobius.  But
Sally still sensed something missing, something unlike the Knothole
she had left behind.
     "Where are you taking me?" Sally asked.  She got no answer.
     She was taken to the largest hut standing, one with a chimney
from which a steady stream of smoke poured.  Inside it was one long
lodge with a kitchen-like alcove at one end and tables and benches
near the door.
     "We've brought her, ma'am."
     One of the Mobians at the far end of the hut began walking
toward them; she appeared to Sally to be an old woman.  As she
walked, she wiped her hands on her apron.  She then looked up. 
Sally gasped.
     "Rosie?"
     The old woman looked hard at Sally's face.  "Leave us," she
said to the guards.  Without question, they left.
     "Sit down, child," she said as she pointed to a bench nearby. 
Sally seated herself, and Rosie sat down next to her.
     "Do you know why I dismissed the guards?" she asked.  Sally
shook her head.
     "There's something about you, child, that tells me I can trust
you.  It's been a long time since one Mobian could freely trust
another.  I miss that feeling.  Only tell me one thing: how is it
that you know my name?"
     "I...you remind me of someone else named 'Rosie'.  Someone I
knew at another time in another place."
     "I believe you," Rosie said after.  "Don't ask me why, I just
do."
     "Are you the leader here in Knothole?"
     "Not by choice, as it turns out.  I was only one of the first
to come here eleven years ago with a group of youngsters in tow. 
I felt we just HAD to get away from Castle Mobius.  And I'm not the
only one; others have joined us, escaping the castle alone or in
twos."
     "But what have they joined you for?  Does anyone have a plan
to make things right?"
     Rosie sighed.  "We thought so, at first.  It seems clear to
everyone that the presence of the black knights has made all the
difference, and for the worse."
     "Then why not fight against the Black Knights?"
     "Because we've learned our lessons well; perhaps too well.  If
you know anything about us, you know how we feel about harming any
living thing."
     "I know."  It was unthinkable for any Mobian to harm anyone or
anything living.  It was one of the most basic precepts a Mobian
ever learned, and it was why she and the other Freedom Fighters had
concentrated on fighting against the lifeless bots who served
Robotnik and sabotaging his facilities.  She could see that asking
these people to fight against the knights would be asking them to
do the impossible.  "So you're basically just hiding here."  She
tried not to make it sound like a reproach.
     "Yes," Rosie said softly.  "It's all we can do for now."
     "Rosie!" someone called out.  Rosie and Sally looked up and
saw someone entering the lodge: a young hedgehog about Sally's age. 
"I just came off watch and I heard about someone escaping from the
castle, and...who's this?"  The tone of his voice had shifted to
pleasant surprise.
     "My name's Sally.  I'm the one who escaped last night."
     "Excellent well!"
      Sally smiled, figuring that this was the equivalent of "Way
past cool!"
     "And what's your name?"
     "Nicholas.  Call me 'Nick'."
     "Well, Nick and Sally," Rosie said as she stood up, "I'll just
see if there's anything left for breakfast for you two."
     "Thank you," Sally said as she sat back down.  Sonic sat
across from her.
     "How did you manage it?"
     "It was...tight."
     "Well, I'm sure you'll find a better life here than in Castle
Mobius."
     "Why exactly did you leave?"
     "I was only five years old at the time, so my memory isn't
good.  But it was Rosie's doing.  I was one of a group of orphans
in her charge.  Each of us had some connection with the Royal
Household; my uncle, Sir Charles, had been a knight in the King's
service.  Then one day Rosie gathered us together and took us to a
part of the castle we'd never seen before, leading us through
several long, dark tunnels until we arrived here."
     "And you haven't been back since?"
     "That's where you're wrong," he said as he flashed a self-
assured smile Sally had seen many times before.  "Some of us have
learned how to come and go as we please without arousing
suspicion."  The smile then faded.  "That's how we've come to learn
about Castle Mobius, and what life there is like now.  And we've
managed to bring people out now and then, but it's risky."
     "What IS life there like?  I wasn't there very long, but it
seems awful."
     "You've seen the knights?"
     "We've...met."  The swelling of Sally's face from where the
knight had struck her had gone down, and her fur did much to hide
the bruise.
     "They move among the people at will, and must be obeyed no
matter what.  That's not the worst of it, though."
     Nick turned his attention toward someone at a the far end of
the hut.  It was a young female rabbit, about their age.  She was
helping Rosie prepare food by slicing vegetables.  She worked
deftly, despite the fact that she only used one hand to both hold
the food and the knife.  Sally wondered why she worked this way
when the rabbit finished her work and began to slide off the stool
on which she sat.  With a start Sally realized that the rabbit's
gown was amply disguising the fact that she was missing one arm and
both legs.  Seating herself on a low cart next to the stool, she
placed a short crutch under her arm and used it to begin propelling
herself across the floor.
     "Oh, my gosh!" Sally whispered.  "What happened to her?"
     "Ask her yourself," he said quietly and bitterly.  "Maybe
she'll tell you, maybe not.  From what any of us can tell, someone
denounced her sister."
     "What do you mean, 'denounced'?"
     "All infractions of laws against Heaven and Mobius are to be
reported to the King through the knights.  Someone denounced her
older sister, for what crime we've never learned.  Apparently the
king wasn't satisfied with the information he received and demanded
more.  So he ordered that she appear at the castle to answer
questions.  When she emerged, she was as you see her."
     Sally was stunned.  Even if the King wasn't her father, had he
really ordered that one of his subjects be dismembered?  There was
NO justification for such an act!  Yet she could not bring herself
to argue with Nick; what he said seemed to her to be the truth.
     "But...but if it wasn't SHE who was denounced, why was she
tortured?  And what became of her sister?"
     "We know not.  Those of us from Castle Mobius believe the
system is breaking down, and even the King must know this.  Word
had gone forth that the King shall grant a boon to whomever comes
forward with information against another resident of the castle. 
It's no longer a question of working toward a greater good anymore;
even the King can't stop what's happening.  There's no justice in
Mobius anymore, only a great beast that devours for devouring's
sake."
     At that point Rosie reappeared with a tray of food and so the
topic was mercifully dropped.  Later, Nick conducted Sally around
Knothole and to Sally it felt good to be home.  Yet what he had
told her preoccupied her thoughts for the rest of the day and were
still troubling her that evening as she stood on the bridge
spanning the river, watching the water flow beneath her.
     "Are you sad?"
     A voice that sounded familiar but not quite caught her
attention.  She looked to her left and was startled.  The
dismembered young rabbit was seated on the bridge next to her.
     "I'm sorry if I frightened you," she said, adding: "I guess
I'm rather frightening to look at, anyway."
     "It's not that," Sally reassured her.  "I just didn't hear you
approach.  What's your name?"
     "Bunnie."
     For a moment, Sally was confused by the lack of Bunnie's
characteristic accent.  Then she quickly realized that that
territory in Mobius wouldn't be settled and inhabited for several
hundred years yet.  During that time, the necessary linguistic
changes would take place to mold that regional accent.
     "I'm Sally.  And I guess I'm just lonely for...for some
friends I left behind."
     "In Castle Mobius?"
     "No.  Somewhere else.  Why do you ask?"
     "I always come here to watch the water when I feel sad."
     The two sat there for several minutes, not saying anything to
each other.  Sally eventually became aware that Bunnie had her head
down and was quietly crying.  She began to reach over toward her. 
Bunnie sensed Sally's hand drawing near and slapped it away.
     "Hey!"
     Bunnie was instantly alarmed and, it seemed to Sally,
repentent.
     "I'm sorry," she said.  "It's just that it reminded..."  She
looked again at the waters flowing beneath them.
     "It might help to talk about it," Sally suggested.  Bunnie
said nothing for a minute; Sally waited.
     "My sister, she...she had secured a position in the court,"
Bunnie said at last.  "She taught music and voice to members of the
royal household.  She always had the most beautiful voice.  Then
one day she...she professed to one of her pupils her secret love
for that pupil.  Word of her profession reached the king and she
was banished from the palace."
     "Her pupil, was he already married or betrothed to another?"
     "Her pupil...her pupil was not a man."
     "Oh."
     "When I was summoned to the palace some time after that I was
taken to a small room off the kitchen and told to wait.  After
being left alone for a few minutes, a page entered carrying a
goblet.  He set it before me and bade me drink.  I did.  All
suddenly became darkness.
     "I woke up outside of Castle Mobius on some trash heap, naked
and...and as you see me.  I had probably been left there to die and
I might have had I not been brought here.  Now I can't help but
wonder if I hadn't brought this upon myself because...."
     "It was you who denounced your sister, wasn't it?"
     Bunnie nodded and continued watching the water.  "My sister's
pupil kept the confession a secret.  I could not.  I thought I was
acting in obedience to the King's command.  And now I know not
what's become of her.  At the time, all I could see was that she
had acted contrary to the laws of Heaven.  Well, all I can say now
is that if Heaven has aught against her, let the account be settled
on the Day of Judgment.  I only know that she's my sister, and...." 
She bent her head, placed her one remaining hand over her eyes, and
began to cry.
     Sally put her arms around Bunnie and held her.  She also
remembered the events of the day before.  "Bunnie," she said at
length, "I want to help you get your sister Lindsey out of Castle
Mobius."


                        *        *       *


     It was midday when those who worked in the fields surrounding
Castle Mobius set down their tools to take their midday meal and to
seek a few hours' shelter from the heat.  None of those who were
working seemed to notice the two figures who had joined them: Sally
and Nick, dressed in simple peasant garb.  The pair had slipped out
of the forest and were now seated with a small knot of the workers. 
Sally avoided making eye contact as much as possible for fear of
being recognized as the one who had had rushed out of the crowd
toward the King the other day.  She need not have worried; Nick's
attemps at casual conversation were rebuffed by the residents of
Castle Mobius, lost in their misery and apathy.
     It was after several hours more that Sally, more weary than
she had ever felt in her life, found herself trudging back through
the gate of Castle Mobius next to Nick.  Her companion raised one
eyebrow as he looked at her.
     "Not even used to half a day's labor?  Maybe you ARE a
princess!" he jested.
     "I don't mind hard work, I just mind doing it knowing that the
knights were watching.  The sooner we get Lindsey out of here, the
better I'll like it."
     "So where does she live?"
     It took Sally a moment to get her bearings.  "This way."
     They walked down the streets toward Lindsey's home.  They were
only a few yards away from her door when they stopped.  "Oh my
gosh!" Sally whispered.
     The windows of the house had been smashed in, and what was
left of the wooden door lay in pieces inside.  Sally looked within
the house and saw the furniture overturned and smashed.  "What
happened?" she asked Nick.
     "THAT happened," he said, pointing to a dark spot on the
doorway, a mark that looked like a figure 8 had been burned into
the wood.  "It's the King's mark.  His knights have confiscated
this property."
     "And Lindsey?"
     "THEY'LL probably know," he said as he jerked his thumb toward
a crowd of Mobians heading toward the castle courtyard.  "Let's
go."
     "All right, but let's keep to the back of the crowd."
     "No argument."
     They followed the crowd of Mobians walking toward the
courtyard of the castle.  They appeared to be in no hurry; rather,
they seemed as if they were reluctantly fulfilling some required
appointment.  Nick and Sally tried not to look too eager.
     They turned a corner and Sally gasped.  A wooden platform had
been raised in front of the entrance to the castle itself, and a
wooden frame had been erected.  A rope had been tied to the cross-
beam, and hanging from that rope by her wrists with her feet
several inches above the platform was Lindsey.  She had been
stripped to the waist, her head hung down as if she were
unconscious, and her back was criss-crossed with marks where she
had recently been whipped.
     "I don't believe this!" Sally whispered.  "What kind of...of
monster....?"
     "That kind," Nick replied as the crowd grew silent.  The King
had stepped onto the platform, a scroll in his hand.  He unrolled
it and began to read.  He stumbled on several words, words which
had clearly been written by someone else and which he had not
rehearsed.
     "Bear ye all witness," he intoned, "as to how Our justice is
carried out.  While she has confessed to her part in the commission
of a crime against Heaven...."
     No, Sally thought.  She left to turn ME in!  And look what it
got her!
     "...yet the other participant in that crime remains at large. 
That We may safeguard this castle and its inhabitants from such a
vile offender, We renew Our offer that a Royal Boon shall be
granted to that citizen of Castle Mobius who identifies...."
     Sally hurriedly began whispering something to Nick.  His eyes
widened.  "You ARE crazy!" he said in a harsh whisper.
     "Maybe," she whispered back.  "But if the King goes along,
just do as I've asked."
     "You're throwing your life away!"
     "It will be worth it if I can save hers."
     "...to any one of my Knights, who...."
     "HOLD!!" a woman's voice called out from the midst of the
crowd.  The assembled Mobians began looking around and muttering to
one another.  The two Knights standing at the front corners of the
platform drew their swords.
     "Who dares interrupt their sovereign?" the King called out,
eyes darting back and forth across the crowd.  He was clearly
unnerved by the interruption.
     "I claim the King's boon!"
     The voice seemed to come from a different part of the crowd
now.  Confusion began to build.
     "Do you...do you know the identity of the other sinner?"
     "I do, Sire."
     Now everyone could see a young girl stepping from the front
rank of the crowd and walking up the steps of the platform.  Some
immediately recognized her as the one who had rushed toward the
King once already.  The knights stepped toward her.
     "Keep them back!" Sally ordered.  This act shocked everyone
present, that a commoner not yet full grown could speak thus in the
face of the King!
     "Stop!  Why have you...?"
     "Why have I stepped forward in broad daylight, instead of
cowering in shadows?"  Many in the crowd shuffled nervously on
their feet or lowered their heads in shame.
     "Yes."
     "I came to seek the Royal Boon with but one condition: that
you cut her down and let her go free."
     "And then you will reveal the name of the other?"
     "I will, before all here."
     The King leaned toward Sally.  "Are you truly mad?" he
whispered.  "Care you not that others will know of your coming
forward?"
     "Right now, I care only that she be spared any further pain
and humiliation."
     "Cut down the prisoner!" the King called out.  The Knights
hesitated for a moment.  The crowd began to stir.  Then, as if they
had received a silent signal, one of the knights cut the rope from
which Lindsey hung.  She fell to the platform in a heap.  Wrapping
her own head scarf around Lindsey, Sally dragged her to the edge of
the crowd, where Nick was waiting to receive her.  Yet almost
everyone was watching Sally and the King.
     "Your boon shall be granted.  Will you name the other party?"
     "Yes.  It was I."
     Cries and gasps arose from the crowd.  Nick looked on in
shock, then began walking to the edge of the courtyard, the
unconscious Lindsey in her arms.
     "You!?" the King exclaimed.
     Sally said nothing.  She simply regarded the King with a look
of cold defiance, daring him to make the next move.
     "What proof have you?" the King asked nervously.
     "You don't want proof!  You only want a means of keeping the
people of Castle Mobius in fear!"
     That was enough for the Knights.  They rushed forward and took
hold of Sally's arms.  The King approached her, a strange look on
his face.  "Such strength of heart," he whispered, "has not been
known inside these walls for a long time.  I almost wish that your
delusion were true, and that you WERE my daughter."  Then to the
Knights he simply said, "Take her away."
     The Knights silently took Sally down a long stone passage,
through a heavy oaken door, and down a winding staircase.  Sally
offered no resistence.  Instead, she found herself listening. 
Listening intently for something, something she was SURE she should
be hearing but didn't hear.
     She then saw that the Knights had led her into a dank, stone
room.  Two torches flickered and gave the room most of its light;
the rest came from a brazier of glowing coals in which several
metal instruments rested.  Their tips glowed a dull orange.
     "Greetings."
     Sally was turned loose by the Knights.  She turned to look
behind her, at the source of the voice.  A figure stepped out of
the shadows, a figure dressed in a dark, cowled robe.  "Do you know
why you are here?"
     "For your amusement?"
     "Very good.  The tongue truly speaks what is in the heart. 
And that is what I want from you."
     Sally didn't wait around to hear anything else.  She shoulder-
blocked the Knight to her left and began to make a run for it. 
Just as the first Knight hit the stone floor with a loud crash, the
other Knight grabbed Sally and held her in a vice-like grip.
     "You won't get out of here so easily, my child."
     "I'm NOT your child!"
     "All residents of Castle Mobius are my spiritual charges.  And
you are quite unique, indeed."
     "Who are you, anyway?"
     "I am the King's confessor.  You may call me Brother Julian."
     "You're more likely the King's jailer!  You're keeping him and
all Mobians prisoner with...with these!"  She lashed out with her
foot at the Knight lying next to her.  It clanged deeply and its
helmet separated from the body and rolled a few feet away.
There was no head inside.
     "I knew it!  There was never anyone inside!"
     "And how did you guess about my clockwork knights?  No other
Mobian seems to have figured it out."
     "That long walk we took to get here.  Anyone wearing armour
would have been out of breath.  Yet I never heard either knight
breathing, let alone panting with exhaustion."
     "Intelligence AND courage.  Too bad I can't make the fullest
use of you."
     "As what?"
     In response, Brother Julian walked to a nearby table on which
something lay covered with a sheet.  He pulled off the sheet and
Sally screamed.
     There on the table lay an unfinished monstrosity: a headless
body.  It was a combination of parts of carcases and machinery. 
The muscle tissue lay exposed, and Brother Julian poured a liquid
over the muscle as if he were basting meat.
     "Too many other alchemists do not know how to set the proper
goals for themselves.  So many of them are only interested in
turning lead into gold.  My goal, however, is to rule this
kingdom."
     "How, by replacing the King with...with that?"
     "Trust me, the resemblance will be much more believable, once
I attach the King's head.  But you have been brought here because
you are the key to making my creation live."
     Brother Julian made a gesture, and the Knight that held Sally
placed her heavily on a nearby table.  Holding her down with one
hand, the Knight bound her wrists and ankles to the table with
stout ropes.
     "If you think torturing me will make me cooperate, you've got
another thing coming!"
     "I don't need your cooperation," he said as he drew a knife
from the brazier, "just your living heart to place inside my
creation.  The fortitude you have shown is precisely what the
King's replacement wil need."
     Sally's eyes were wide with fright as Brother Julian walked
slowly toward her.
     All at once there was a loud banging sound as the door flew
open and struck the wall.  Sally and Brother Julian turned to look. 
It was Nick.
     "Let her go!" he demanded.
     "You're in no position to give orders here, boy.  Guards!" 
Two of the Knights started toward Nick.  He started backing away,
realizing that perhaps he had acted brashly.
     "Nick!" Sally called out.  "The Knights...they're clockwork
dolls!"
     For a second Nick was stunned by the news; then a sly smile
spread across his face.  The Knights drew closer.
     Nick wasn't as fast as Sonic, but he was apparently fast
enough; he was also at least as tough as Sonic.  He ran into each
of the Knights, ricochetting off the first to crash into the
second, sending each of them to the floor.  Brother Julian set the
knife down on the table where Sally was bound and lunged at Nick. 
He missed and himself went crashing to the floor.  That was all the
opportunity Nick needed: he ran over Brother Julian with as little
regard as Sonic would have given a speedbump in Robotropolis.  He
took up the knife and swiftly cut Sally's ropes.  Brother Julian
was just starting to bark orders to his Knights as the two of them
raced out the door and into the corridor.
     It was several minutes before they burst out of the castle
kitchen and into daylight.  "At least those knights aren't as fast
as we are!" Nick said as they raced toward the courtyard.  The
words were barely out of his mouth when he turned a corner and
froze.  The courtyard was swarming with Knights.
     "They may not be fast," Sally said dejectedly, "but there are
still a lot more of them.  Face it, Nick, we're outnumbered."
     "Maybe, but so are the Knights."
     The Knights began closing on Nick and Sally, and in that one
moment when they began their advance, Sally realized that Nick was
right.  She saw crowds of residents of Castle Mobius standing off
to the side, with that same apathetic look on their faces she had
seen before.  But that, she told herself, was about to change.
     Sally ran toward an old he-wolf standing a few feet away, his
arms loaded with firewood.  She grabbed the two stoutest pieces she
could see, as most of the rest cascaded to the ground.  Sally was
only able to say a quick "Sorry" before rejoining Nick and handing
him one of the sticks.
     The two young Mobians then plunged headlong into the crowd of
Knights as the crowd looked on.  Though vastly outnumbered, the two
had their small stature working for them, as well as Nick's speed
and Sally's agility.  Several of the Knights fell as they were
clubbed, but the others simply began to press in.
     "We're surrounded!" Sally shouted as she and Nick stood back
to back holding off the Knights as best they could.  "And nobody
can see that they're ro...that they're clockwork Knights!"
     "We've got to SHOW them, then!  Get ready to head for the
gate."
     "When?"
     "NOW!!"
     With that, Nick plunged into the mass of Knights, knocking
some to the ground himself but simply letting the Knights topple
each other over in a kind of domino effect.  Sally jumped over the
fallen Knights as best she could and then dashed for the portcullis
when she was in the clear.  As she reached it, she looked back.
     One of the Mobians was holding aloft the empty helmet of one
of the Knights.  An audible gasp arose from the crowd as he poured
gears and springs from its inside onto the ground.  But just as the
crowd of Mobians began to comprehend what that meant, their murmurs
gave way to screams as a new wave of Knights entered the courtyard
from the direction of the Castle.  There was pandemonium as Mobians
began darting every which way to escape the Knights.  Sally turned
and saw Nick standing just outside the castle gate.
     "Sally!  Get out!!" Nick yelled.
     At that moment, Nick dashed down the road leading from the
castle just ahead of a wave of arrows being fired in his direction
by Knights stationed on the castle's battlements.  Before Sally
could react, the portcullis was lowered with a crash.
     Sally wasn't about to give up so easily now, and she began
climbing the portcullis to the top.  In the daylight it was easier
to see what she was doing and the spot she meant to reach. 
Unfortunately she was just as easily seen by the Knights, some of
whom charged the gate.  One Knight raised his broadsword and swung
it in Sally's direction.  She felt the blade strike her right
ankle.  She didn't stop to think about the pain or the damage.  She
just kept climbing.
     Just as she was inching her way over the top of the portcullis
she felt arrows striking the wooden beams.  She quickly rolled over
and fell to the ground on the other side.  She winced and cried out
from the pain where the Knight's sword had sliced through her
ankle.  Looking up, she saw Knights armed with bows aiming in her
direction; she also knew she couldn't walk, much less run.
     Just as she heard the telltale hiss of arrows flying toward
her, she felt herself swept up off her feet.  It was Nick.  With
Sally in his arms, he ran back down the hill and crashed into the
brush.  As safe as they were from the Knights in the Great Forest,
Nick never slowed his pace until they were in sight of Knothole.


                           *        *        *


     "Nothing's changed."
     Rosie offered this assessment as she bound up Sally's wounded
ankle.
     "Maybe not on the outside, Rosie.  But the residents of Castle
Mobius now know that the Knights aren't living beings; they're only
machines."
     "Small comfort THAT knowledge is, with them living in a
prison."
     "It wasn't meant to comfort; it was meant to inspire.  They
needed to know that they could fight back with a clear conscience."
     "Conscience alone won't do the job," Nick observed as he
leaned against the doorway, his arms folded across his chest.
     "It's still a start, Nick.  It's up to us to take the next
step."
     "Right now," Rosie observed, "you'll be taking no steps at all
until that ankle heals.  Into bed with you.  And you, Nick, let her
rest."
     Sally lay back on the simple wooden bed.  Rosie made sure her
foot was elevated.  Then she watched as Rosie and a reluctant Nick
left her alone in the room.  She was not alone for long, for a few
seconds later, the door slowly opened.  Lindsey put her head
inside.
     "May I come in?" she asked.
     Sally nodded.  "Are you all right?" she asked.
     "I feel like a hunchback with this poultice in place," she
said as she indicated the visible lump on her back beneath her
clothing.  "But Rosie swears it will heal the wounds faster.  I
came here to tell you that Bunnie and I are leaving Knothole."
     "Leave Knothole?  Where will you go?"
     "We know not yet, but we must leave.  Castle Mobius has done
us too much evil already."
     "Lindsey, I was speaking to Bunnie, and...."
     "I know.  My sister confessed her part to me, and I have
freely forgiven her.  As I pray you will forgive me."  With that,
she dropped to her knees next to Sally's bed.  "I had gone to
Castle Mobius to turn you in to the Knights.  I had thought that
such an action would prove my loyalty to the King and that the
Knights wouldn't bother with me as a result.  I know now how wrong
that was."  She appeared to want to say something else, but instead
bent her head down on her folded arms on the bed, and began to cry.
     "I do forgive you, Lindsey," Sally said gently as she placed
a hand on Lindsey's elbow.  "And as far as I'm concerned, the
consequences of your actions are punishment enough."
     "If there were anything I can do to make amends for your
redemption of me...."
     "Well, you MIGHT want to reconsider leaving Knothole.  You and
Bunnie may be useful in the war against Ro...against Brother
Julian."
     "What kind of war would have the likes of US in the front
rank?"
     "This is a different kind of war, where the rules of chivalry
don't apply.  This kind of war is to be won by striking hard and
running fast.  And we'll strike only against the weapons and
property of Brother Julian, not against any living being.  It may
go against the code of knighthood, but it was used very effectively
where I came from.  I'll speak with the residents of Knothole about
it in the morning."
     "This doesn't sound like the rules of combat of which I heard
at court."
     "A lot of things will be different, Lindsey.  But those who
live in Castle Mobius WILL be free."
     "Thank ye," Lindsey said gratefully.  She slowly rose to her
feet so as not to aggrevate her wounds, and left.
     Sally was asleep in a matter of minutes.  She awoke to
birdsong the next morning, eased herself out of bed, hobbled to the
door and opened it.  As she began to open it, though, she wondered
why the birds had suddenly fallen silent.
