First of all, Sonic the Hedgehog and all related characters are trademarks of , SEGA Enterprises, Archie and Fleetway Comics, and DiC Animation Company. The Characters Wendy McCormick, Alison Scharlemann, Ratty, Eric McCormick and others, though they may not appear in this chapter, are copyright Alison Scharlemann or Sonique of Perfect Chaos.  Tikal is copyright SEGA but the last name I gave her was just for fun and if I catch you stealing, your ass is grass.  All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.

Chapter 3:
The Prophecy
part 3

	“What do you think, Sal?”
	“I’m not really sure.  My guess is this factory is the right one.”
	“Okay, so we need three secondary processor B microchips.  They should be in there.”  Sally pointed to the factory in front of them.
	Sonic stood up, “I’ll destract the bots, you..”
	“Sonic, Sally!  Hi!”  Alison came running excitedly up to them.  “What’s up?”  She asked when she came up to them.
	“Yo, Al!”  Sonic raised his hand for her to give her a high five and she did.  “Good to see you again!”
	Alison turned to Sally, “How’s it going, Sally?”
	Sally still didn’t trust her but tried not to show it, “Uh.. not bad.”
	“What brings you two to Robotropolis?”
	“Well.. actually..”  Sally began but as usual, Sonic inturupted her.
	“We need three secondary processor B microchips.”
	“Whoa!”  Alison exclaimed.  “That is so totally weird.  I was totally just like in that factory that makes those today.”  For some reason, she always felt more comfortable around the Freedom Fighters, so she would just say whatever came to her mind even if it was slang. 
	“Yeah, we need these parts for our deRoboticise.”  Sonic explained.  
	Sally was not pleased that Sonic has just told her what they were working on, but she remained calm.
	“Want me to go get them?”  Alison asked.
	“Oh, sure.  If it’s not too much trouble.”  Sonic replied.
	“None at all.  You guys just stay here and like toally remain out of sight.”  Alison ran off in the other direction.
	“Gee, Sonic.”  Sally said sarcastically, “Why don’t you just tell her where Knothole is while you’re at it?”
	“What’s up, Sal?”  Sonic turned to her.
	“I just don’t know if we can trust her.”
	“Sal, Sal, Sal.”  Sonic shook his head.  “You gotta trust someone sometimes.”
	“And I honestly think this is not one of those times.”
	“She’s given me no reason to not trust her.”
	“Sonic, she pointed a gun at you the first time you met!”
	“So?  She saved my life, too!”
	“Right.  After she wanted to take it.”
	“Hedehog priority one.  Hedgehog priority one.”  
	Sonic and Sally gasped as they saw a sea of SWaTBot in foot and in air charging for them.  
	“AMBUSH!”  Sonic yelled.
	They stared in horror as at least twenty SWaTBots one foot charged at them from all different directions until they completely surrounded Sonic and Sally in one big circle.  Then, red hover units from above also flew onto the scene, all the while blaring their sirens and screaming, “Hedehog priority one.  Hedgehog priority one.”  in their robotic voices.
	“Light up time, Sal!”  Sonic yelled.  He reached into his backpack for a power ring.  When held by Sonic, the power ring would become a source of incredible energy which would serge through him like lightning in a thunder storm.  
	Sonic gasped when he realized the power ring was gone.  He took the backpack off his back and began fantically searching inside all the pockets he had, “It’s gone!”  He exclaimed.
	“I’m coming!”  A voice called from what appeard to be no where.
	“Alison?”  Sonic asked seaching for her on the ground.
	Suddnely, she plummeted down from above them, but landed on her feet.  She quickely reached into her back pocket, pulled out a small card and showed it to the SWaTBots.  “Return to stations.”  She ordered.
	The SWaTBot imediatly turned back to their upright, harmless positions and began to walk back to their stations.  Another SWaTBot came up right behind Sally and reached out for her, but Alison noticed the shadow behind Sally, whipped around and showed the Bot her card, “Return to you station.”  She said sternly.
	Sally turned and gasped as she realized how close she got to being captured.
	After all the Bots have left the scene, Sonic said, “Thanks, Al.”
	“Yeah..uh.. thanks.”  Sally still didn’t want to trust her.
	“Man, you really saved our haunches.”  Sonic remarked.
	“Thanks.”  Alison replied, then she held out her hands with the chips they had requested, “Here.  I was able to get a few of these.”  
	Sonic took them, Cool!”
	“You’d better leave before something else happens.”
	“See ya, Al.”  Sonic took Sally in his arms and rushed out of Robotroplis.

	“Sir!  Sir!”  Snively rushed into Robotnik’s chamber to tell him the news of what Alison just did hoping to ruin her.
	“What is it Snively?”  Robotnik mumbled while paging through a book.	“Alison saved the Freedom Fighters again!”
	Robotnik sighed and rolls his eyes at Snively, “Snively, it’s just part of her briliant plan to capture all of the Freedom Fighters.”
	“But.. but..”
	“No buts, Snively!”  Robotnik yelled at him.  “I want this place to look nice for my wedding.  Go and clean the bathrooms!  Make sure the toilets are spotless!”
	Snively’s jaw dropped pratically to the floor, “Sir, you can’t be serious.”
	“Stop grumbling and do as I say.  I want those bathrooms as clean as can be.  Use your toothbrush to get the insides of the toilets clean!”
	“But..”  Snively decided complaining would do no use.  He slumped and walked out of the chamber mumbling to himself the whole way.

	Alison trotted into her bathroom but when she walkied inside, notice Snively kneeling down cleaning the inside of her toilet with a toothbrush.  Snively didn’t notice her come in because he was too busy grumbling to himself.  She enjoyed the view for a split second then decided to have some fun.  Slowly, she tiptoed up behind him and when he didn’t expect it.. SPLASH!  FLUUUUSH!  
	Snively quickly jolted his head out of the toilet and spat out the excess water in his mouth.  He wiped his mouth than turned to Alison with an irate expression, “What was that for?”  He screamed.
	“You’re right.”  Alison replied.  “It’s no fun giving a swirly to someone with no hair.”  Then she notice the toothbrush he was using was the same one she had always used, “Hey, that’s mine!”  
	Snively angerly stood up, pratically ready to kill her but then realize what she had just said, “Yours??”
	“Yeah, I’ve been using it since I came here.”
	“Y-You used my toothbrush?”
	Alison backed up when she saw how mad he was.  
	Snively broke the toothbrush in two and wrathfully whipped the pieces onto the floor.  “I don’t believe you!  That’s disgusting!”
	“Hey, I didn’t know.”
	Snively calmed himself down, “I guess that’s no surprise.”  He sighed, “Now are you gonna help me or what?”
	Alison shrugged, “Yeah I’ll help.”
	Snively acted shocked, “You will???”
	“Sure.”  Alison walked over to the bucket of soap-water he had on the ground, picked it up and headed toward Snively with a devious expression.	“NO!”  Snively yelled, “Don’t even think about it!”
	“Okay.”  Alison stopped moving for a second then once Snively turned his back, she dumped the soap water bucket over his head.
	“HEY!”  Snively screamed.  He flung the bucket off his head and started rubbing the soap out of his head.  
	Alison knew he’d be mad once he finished so she made one last remark, “There, I didn’t think about it, I did it.”  and fled out the bathroom.
	Snively dashed after her in rage trying best to keep his balance, for his feet were slippery due to the soap.  Alison turned around atonished because she didn’t expect Snively to run after her so fast.  Something made her stop dead in her tracks though.  She gasped as the saw the worker bot who walked by her.  “That looks almost like the echidna in my dream.”
	The bot echidna paid no attention to Alison but contintued walking by her carrying her box of tools.  This echidna was slightly different in that her drealocks spread upward than down, rather then just going straight down her head; she also stood about four inches taller than the other echidna.  However, Alison couldn’t help notice the similarities suchs as, she too had a small jem in the center of a band on her head and her dress was also old fashioned with many shades of red.
	Snively ran up to her and violently grabbed her arms, “You listen here, missy...”  He began but then realize she was paying no attention to him but watching the echidna bot.  He looked over at the bot then said, “What’s the big deal?”
	“She... looks familiar.  I recgognize her.”  Alison easliy broke free of Snively’s grasp and watched the echidna wander off behind a corner.  “What’s her name?”
	Snively shrugged, “How would I know?”
	“I have to talk to her.”  Alison jogged around the corner that the worker bot had turned and say her in the distance.  “Hey!”  Alison called but the bot showed no interest in her and kept walking.  “Oh, I need to get her attention.”
	Suddenly, as if from nowhere, a voice came into Alison’s head and whispered something to her.  Alison didn’t quite understand the voice but something compelled her to repeat what the voice had said outloud, “Winney?” 
	The voice whispered something else to her.
	“No, not Winney.. um.. W-W..”  She listen closer trying to guess what the voice was saying and repeating what she heard, “Wenny.. Wendy!”  It came to her, “The bot’s name is Wendy?”  Somehow she knew that’s what the voice was trying to say but then, the voice said something else to her and again, Alison repeated what she had heard, “Wendy is... no.. Wendy has.. a... Wendy has a... sister?  Is that it?”
	The voice answered yes.
	“Wendy has a sister!  Okay. I get it!”  
	The voice began speaking a word to her again.
	“Ti.. Timmy.. no... um.. Tikle.. no..”  Then she heard it loud and clear, “Tikal!  Her sister’s name is Tikal!”
	“What are you doing?”  Snively came up behind her.
	“Huh?”  Alison came to and looked around.  Wendy had vanished, “Oh man!  Thank’s a lot, Snively.”
	“What did I do?”
	“You were born!”  She yelled.  “No, wait, you were probably hatched.”  She laughed at her joke.
	“SNIVELY!”  Robotnik walked into the hallway they were in.  “Why are you not cleaning the bathrooms like I told you?”
	Snively replied calmly, “How can I when Alison is dunking my head in the toilet and making a mess of things?”
	Alison rolled her eyes, “I only dipped your head in the toilet once.”
	“Snively, get back to work.  I need to talk to Alison.”  Robotnik pointed to the bathrooms.
	Snively nodded, “Yes, Sir.”  He headed off toward the bathroom with a disgusted look on his face.
	When Snively left, Alison and Robotnik starting talking to each other at the same time and couldn’t understand one another.
	Robotnik said, “You first.”
	“Is there anyway to gain back the memory of the roboticised people?”
	“No, why?”
	“Just.. wondering.”  She sighed.
	“I need you to pick out a cake for our wedding..”
	“Cheese cake!”  She immediatly responded.  
	“I had to ask.”  Robotnik replied.  “Now, for your dress..”
	“NO!”  Alison yelled.  “I don’t do the dress thing.”  
	“What?”  Robotnik was mad again.
	“I mean, I don’t like to wear dresses.  I haven’t worn one since I was.. I don’t even remember.”
	“This is a wedding, what do you think you’re going to wear?”
	“A tux?”
	“A tux?  A tux??  You think you are going to walk down the isle in a tux?!”  He hollared.  Then he ordered, “You will wear a dress like any normal lady would at her wedding!”
	“Y’know, it seems we have a lot of different opinions about this wedding, maybe we shouldn’t get married.”  Alison suggested.  “I’m too young for marriage.  Plus, I’m not even on my own world.”
	“Do you miss your home?” Robotnik asked her.
	“Of course I do.”
	Robotnik got an evil thought, “Listen, I’ll make you a deal.  I can help you, if you can help me.”
	Alison was desperate, “What do I have to do?”
	“I will do everything in my power to send you home, if you capture Sonic for me.”
	“Capture Sonic for you?”
	“Yes.  You be the judge, my dear, is it a deal?”
	Alison didn’t want to capture her friends, but had no other way to get home without his help; however, she didn’t want her friend’s to end up mindless robots with no chance of escape.  “Well... you’re not going to robotosize him, are you?”
	Robotnik paused for a second to think about his answer.  “Not unless you want me too.”
	“I wouldn’t think of it.  I’d much rather have them as prisoners!”
	“I want to go home more than anything.  I’ve never felt so alone in my entire life, but I can’t betray my friends.  On the other hand, they will have a chance for escape if they aren’t robots.  No, I can’t betray my friends..”
	“Well, what’s your decision?”  Robotnik grew weary of patience.
	She turned confidently and looked at him, “I’ll do it!  We have a deal!”

	Alison glared at herself in the mirror as she tried on her wedding dress, “I hate dresses.”  She mumbled to herself straightening out some wrinkles in the white satin fabric.
	The door to the room opened and in walked Snively with a black tuxedo and red bow tie on.  He fixed the cuff on his left sleeve then said, “Robotnik wants to know if you have a Maid of Honor?”
	The drool pratically fell from her mouth when she saw how handsome he looked in his tuxedo.  
	Snively noticed her stare, “What?”
	“Oh... um.. I’ve just never seen a guy that looked like a penquin before.”
	Snively rolled his eyes at her remark, “I don’t understand why anyone in the world would want to marry you.”
	“Shut up, Nose-Boy.”  She grumbled.
	“I don’t know why I even put up with your childish demeanor.”
	“Hey, you were the one who wanted me to marry him!” 
	“I didn’t want you to marry him, I wanted him to make your life a living hell like he has made mine.”
	A short amount of silence followed his remark, then Alison said, “Just, go away, and leave me alone.”
	“But first, do you have a Maid of Honor or not?”
	Alison sighed, “How am I supposed to have a Maid of Honor with no other girls around, moron?” 
	Snively sighed at her stupid remark and, with no other responses, left the room.
	Alison felt angry with herself because she kept hurting him, “All right!”  She told herself, “Weddding or no wedding, next time you see him, you tell him how much you like him!”
	As if hearing her, Snively burst into the room a second time, “Alison!”  He exclaimed.
	Alison gasped when she saw him, “Uh.. Snively.. I have to say something to..”
	“No time, Robotnik surveillance just picked up Sonic and some other Freedom Fighters.”  He smiled deviously, “Now’s your big chance.”
	“What?  You think I won’t?”
	“Exactly.”
	“I’ll show you, I’ll catch those Freedom Fighters which is something you and your uncle could never do.”
	“I’ll believe that when I see it.”  He exited her room.
	Alison sighed to herself, “Now what do I do?”

	Alison walked over to the trap door she had set up earlier.  If she could just get the Freedom Fighteres to stand over the door, all she would have to do was push the button to trigger it.  They’d fall through the open hole and once they reached the bottom, the giant glue guns inside would fire preventing any possible means of escape they may have.
	“I can’t do this.  I can’t betray my friends.”  But she wanted to go home now more than ever.  “Snively’s right, I’ll never be able to do this.”
	“Hey, Al!”  
	“Sonic!”  She turned and saw Sonic, Sally and Bunnie approaching.  “Uh.. hi.”
	Sally spoke, “Is what we just heard true?  Are you really marrying Robotnik?”
	“I don’t want to but he’s making me.”
	“Tough break, Al.  You’d better bail before things get even worse.”  Sonic said.
	“Well... actually.. I found.. I found something that can stop Robotnik once and for all!”  Alison stuttered.
	They all gasped simotaneously, then Bunnie asked, “What is it, Ali-Girl?”
	“Well...it’s...”  Alison paused to think of what to say, she took in a deep breath.  “In order for you to see it you need to wait right here while I go get it.”
	Alison left them standing on the trap, and walked to the factory where the button was located.  From the inside of the factory she could see the Freedom Fighters standing right where they needed to be.  Alison picked up the button, took a deep breath, and pressed the button.  The trap door opened making a loud screetching noise followed by the screams of the Sonic and the girls but the screems were soon muffled under the loud spraying of the glue guns.  Alison slowly walked out of the factory to see if the trap had worked.  She peered into the trap to see them all of them covered in glue.  Sonic looked up at her.
	“You... how...”  he was speechless.
	Alison looked back at him,  “I’m sorry.”  she said in a quiet voice.  She then took her communicator out of her pocket and opened it.  “I’ve got three of the Freedom Fighters, home in on my communicator’s signal.”
	Alison watched the SWaTBots approach from a distance.  When they arrived Alison ordered,  “Strip them of their belongings, and keep a close watch on the hedgehog.”
	“I knew she couldn’t be trusted.”  Sally yelled.  
	Robotnik watched on his TV surveillance screen and smiled evilly when he saw Sonic captured, “Yes!  Oh, my, she caught them.”
	Snively turned around in shock, “She caught them, Sir?”
	“Yes, now ready the Roboticise!”  He ordered point Snively to the Robotisizing chamber.
	“But, Sir, you said you wouldn’t robot...”
	“Shut up, Snively!  What she doesn’t know, can’t hurt her.”  

	Alison moped down the halls of Robotnik’s headquarters wondering where he could be.  She heard SWaTbot footsteps coming down the hall in the distance, but didn’t look up until she heard Sally, “I knew we couldn’t trust that little bitch.”
	Then in horror Alison realized the SWaTbots were taking them to the robotisizing chamber.  “No way!”  She quickely ran down the hall and entered the chamber.  Inside stood the SWaTbots carrying the Freedom Fighteres with Sonic first in line to be roboticised.
	“It’s almost ready, Sir.”  Snively said as he pushed some buttons on the Roboticise controlls.
	“Hey!”  Alison exclaimed.  
	Robotnik seemed shocked that Alison had found them, “What are you doing in here?”
	“ME?!  What are they doing in here?”  She pointed to the prisoners.
	Robotnik completely ignored her and spoke to Snively, “Hurry it up, Snively.  I want this done so we can get on with the wedding.”
	“Stop!”  Alison called.  “You said you wouldn’t roboticise them.”
	Again he ignored her, “Put Sonic in the Roboticiser.”  Robotnik ordered.
	The SWaTbot obeyed and set Sonic down on the platform and a thick glass case came over Sonic so he couldn’t escape.  “Let me out.”  Sonic pushed on the glass hoping he could get out that way.
	“Without Sonic, I can rule this planet, and when I die, my children will follow in my footsteps.”
	That did it.  Alison was completly against marrying him, but now he had broken a promise and even expected her to have children with him.  She let out an uncontrolable but ear piercing scream, “NOOOOO!”  With a quick motion, she grabbed her weapon and began shooting around the room.  At first, the anger she felt made it hard for her to control herself and she shot aimlessly, but then she’d calmed down and aimed right at the SWaTbots holding Sally and Bunnie.
	“Wait!”  Sally called to Alison afraid her anger may cause her to accidentally hit her or Bunnie.  “Alison, wait!”
	Sally spoke too late for Alison had allready fired and nailed the SWaTbot holding Bunnie right in the head.  She began to fire rappidly again and again forcing the bot let go of Bunnie and fall to the floor.
	“Ah gotch y’all Sally-girl.”  Bunnie leaped into the air and kicked the other SWaTbot causing it to let go of Sally and fall to the floor.
	“Stop it!”  Robotnik yelled at Alison still amazed at what she had done, “You’re ruining everything you mutant.”
	“Security!”  Snively called.
	Three more SWaTbots entered the room ready to fire, “Freedom Fighters, priority one.”  They shot at Sally and Bunnie as they took cover behind a machine.
	Alison ran over to them, “You’ve got to save Sonic!”
	“She’s right, Sally-girl, come on!”  Bunnie stood up and headed over to the glass case that held Sonic.
	Alison saw Snively run over to the controls and reach for the roboticise button, “Oh, no you don’t.”  He jerked his hand away from it as a lazer beam came and hit the button dismantling it.  He angerly turned to Alison.
	“I told you I was a good shot.”  She replied with a smile.
	Snively bared his teeth in rage, “You... you.. stupid... bitch!”
	The whole fight stopped and everyone gasped turning to Snively.  
	“What?”  Snively asked in an annoyed voice.
	“We just didn’t expect that from you.”  Alison said.
	The fight then continued and Bunnie tried hard to open the glass case’s door so Sonic could be free.
	“Harder Bunnie.  Pull harder!”  Sonic helped her out by pushing as hard as he could and finally, the door popped open.
	“There ya go, Sugah-hog!”  Bunnie exclaimed excitedly.
	Alison shot at the SWaTbot keeping them away from Sonic and the girls so they could make a getaway.  
	Sonic said.  “Sally, hold onto me; Bunnie, hold onto Sally and Alison, hold onto Bunnie.”
	Alison turned to them in shock, “You want me to come?”
	“Sure do.”  Sonic replied.
	Sally then said, “Let’s go before they send more SWaTbots.”
	Alison put her gun into her holster and took a hold of Bunnie’s arms.  
	“Y’all hang on tight now, Ali-girl.”  Bunnie told Alison.
	“Juice and jam time!”  
	In incredible speed Sonic took off out the door but his speed was too much for Alison and she flew off landing in front of Snively.  Taking advantage of the situation, he grabbed Alison’s arms and held them behind her back.  “No longer Robotnik’s favorite, are we?”  He asked with an evil grin.
	Robotnik stormed over to Alison and bellowed, “That was a huge mistake, my dear, but coincidentally, your last.”

	Sonic ran as fast as he could out of the headquarters.  Something told him to look back at the girls so he did.  “Whoa!”  He came to a screetching hault when he saw Alison was no longer with them.
	“Sonic, what’s wrong?”  Sally asked.
	“Where’s Al?”
	Bunnie gasped as she realized Alison had fallen off, “Ah thought she was heah with me.”
	“I gotta go back.”  Sonic reached into his pack for a power ring then remembered, the SWaTbots had taken his pack.  “Oh no!”  Saying no more to the girls, he sped past them toward the chamber.
	Alison stood on top of the Roboticise platform fearfully pushing on the glass that surrounded her hoping to break free.  “Please, let me go.”  She pleaded to Robotnik and Snively.
	“Shut up!”  Robotnik yelled at her.  Then he added, “You traitor.”  He walked over to Snively, “Is it ready yet?”
	“It’s ready, Sir.”  Snively responded.
	“Activate.”
	“With pleasure, Sir.”  He smiled to Alison and said, “Not so peppy, now, are we?  See you in hell.”
	“NO!  Wait!”  
	Her cries did no good, for before she could say anything else, Snively pressed the activation button on the control panel.  
	“NOO!”  Alison stared at the green light that came down at her.  She reached up as if trying to block it with her hands but this only cause her hands to become metal like a robot’s.  She screamed in terror when she saw this and then, the light covered her whole body slowly turning her into a mindless zombie robot.  First, her legs, then it moved its way up to her waist as she continued screaming.  She took one last look at Snively who beamed with gratification, then everything turned red as blood.
	The glass tube then opened and she found herself stepping out, even though she hadn’t told herself to.  She could hear Robotnik and Snively talking but couldn’t respond to what they were saying.  It was like nightmare; she had no control over her body.
	Sonic dashed into the room at full speed and stopped right in front of Alison, “Damn it!  I’m too late!”
	Alison responded by reaching out for Sonic, “Hedgehog priority one.  Detain by order of Robotnik.”
	Sonic gasped staring into her red glowing eyes and metallic features, “This isn’t good.”

 All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.



