"SHE KNEW THAT THE HAND WAS UPON HER"

                       by Daniel J. Drazen

Story copyright (c) 1997 by the author.  The characters are
creations of the author with the following exception: Sally,
Dowager Queen of Mobius, is an extrapolation of the character of
Princess Sally that is the property of DiC Productions and Archie
Comics.  Other situations and trappings based on "Star Trek: The
Next Generation" are the property of Paramount Pictures.  The
quotation that ends this piece is excerpted from "Memorial" by
James Thurber, and first appeared in "My World And Welcome To
It".


=================================================================


     How do you measure time when there is nothing with which to
measure it?
     Creatures who are bound by gravity to their homeworlds must
rely on clues from those worlds to measure the passage of time:
the shifting of tides, the rising and setting of suns and moons,
the progression of seasons, the dance of constellations.  Always
there are methods of measuring the time a creature has lost.
     But what of those who spend their lives without such
external prompts, those who sail the silent seas of space in
metal ships that can outrun light itself?  They get their warmth
from central heating systems, not from a sun that rises and sets. 
Lights are turned on or off at will.  Constellations that might
mark the seasons change in a moment.
     Yet each creature carries within itself a sense of time and
a desire to measure it.  Even in deep space where time becomes a
meaningless abstract, a philosopher's plaything.
     As far as the crew of the Federation starship al-Buraq was
concerned, it was the third watch, the period between 2400 hours
and 0800 hours when most of the ship's crew was supposed to be
asleep.  And indeed most of them were.
     Most, but not all.
     In the ship's empty Ten Forward lounge, one small figure sat
at a table.  She was only slightly more than three feet tall and
her booted feet dangled above the floor.  Her soft, auburn hair
blended with the shorter, brown fur that covered the rest of her
body.  She was dressed in a Starfleet officer's uniform and wore
the rank of Commander.  A cup of tea sat before her untouched. 
Next to it lay a padd which she picked up, looked at, and set
down again several times.
     The doors to Ten Forward slid open silently.  Lieutenant
Eddie Sant' Angelo walked across the room and sat down across
from the only other being there.
     "You're still here," he said with a note of surprise.  "I
thought your shuttle left at 0100."
     "Not until 0130," she said quietly.  Once more she picked up
the padd, studying it half-heartedly.
     "Personal log?" he asked.
     "Uh-huh.  I can't get past the first sentence: 'Have
received word from Mobius that my grandmother is dying'."  She
let the padd fall from her hand.  It clattered as it hit the
table and the sound echoed across the empty room.
     "Are the doctors sure?"
     "They don't have to be; SHE'S sure.  Unless it's by
accident, all Mobians have a kind of premonition of when their
deaths are approaching.  To us it's a kind of...blessing, a
chance to gather the family one last time.  That's why they've
called everyone together.  Even me."
     "C'mon, you think they're still holding a grudge?"
     "Eddie, you saw my father and grandmother when they came to
the Academy to attend my graduation.  When they found out that I
was required by Starfleet regulations to abdicate the throne if I
wanted to keep my commission, it broke their hearts!"
     "I only remember the look on their faces when I walked into
your room thinking you were there alone."
     "Yeah, with a bunch of flowers in one hand and a bottle of
homemade synthahol Chianti in the other."  She allowed herself to
smile for a moment, but it soon disappeared.  "Ever since then, I
haven't heard a word from any of my family, except my brother
Francis."
     "Maybe he passes your letters on to the others."
     "Maybe."  She slipped off the chair, walked to one of the
forward windows, and looked out as the distant stars rushed past. 
Eddie also got up from the table and stood next to her.  "I just
wish I knew how they felt."
     "You know how I feel," he said softly.  He put one hand
behind her head; she turned her face toward his.  He tilted his
head so he could duck below her muzzle to kiss her on the lips. 
It looked awkward but by now the move was natural for both of
them.  He slipped his other arm around her waist as both her arms
encircled his neck.  After a few seconds their lips parted
silently.  "Are you sure I can't come with you?"
     "You know you can't, even if Captain Matsumoto granted you
leave.  This is something that only family can attend.  I'd
better get down to the shuttle bay," she added after a pause. 
"You coming?"
     "Maybe not.  I said 'Good-bye' to you once before; I don't
want to get used to it."
     At precisely 0130 hours, the shuttlecraft Victoria slipped
out of the al-Buraq's shuttle bay.  It's pilot and only
passenger: Commander Sally Alicia Acorn II, the first non-
humanoid to ever graduate from Starfleet Academy.


***


     It was midday in Mobitropolis when the Victoria dropped out
of orbit and entered the atmosphere of the planet Mobius.  Sally
tried to focus on the demanding task of taking the shuttle
through to a safe landing without destroying the craft and
herself as she entered the planet's atmosphere.  It was second-
nature to her by now.
     It wasn't that long ago that she was learning a different
set of specialized skills -- the kind taught to the heir to the
throne of Mobius -- and finding them to be tedious beyond belief. 
But learning them was expected of her.  Sally Alicia II was the
firstborn of King Charles I, the only child of King Sonic and
Queen Sally.  Though he was not of royal blood, Sonic had earned
the right to join his beloved Sally when, after years of
guerrilla warfare, they had finally overcome Dr. Robotnik and
reclaimed Mobius.  Sally had insisted on entitling Sonic before
they married.  Thus it was that Sonic, who had never aspired to
royalty and who considered much of the court manners he had to
learn to be "way past bogus", found himself named First Lord of
the House of Ring and entitled to be crowned King.  He regularly
complained that the restrictions and expectations of royal life
made him want to "chunk his chili," but being married to Sally
more than made up for it.  And even Sally was pleasantly
surprised at Sonic's reaction to the birth of their son, Charles.
     Named for Sonic's uncle Sir Charles Hedgehog, who had not
lived long enough to see the blessed event, he grew to be the
very image of his namesake.  He may have lacked his father's
speed and attitude but he tapped into a part of Sonic that his
subjects seldom if ever saw but with which Sally had become very
familiar: Sonic's kindness, tenderness, and a playfulness that
often struck others as mere flippancy.
     Charles grew to be a level-headed, sensible ruler.  He was
never spoiled growing up among royalty, nor was he adversely
affected by having parents who were, quite literally, living
legends.  The only time Charles caused his father any serious
consternation was when he fell in love with Marie de Coollette,
the beautiful cousin of Sonic's fellow freedom fighter, Antoine
de Coollette, and proposed to her.  Sonic never stood in the way
of his son's happiness, but he freely allowed that having Antoine
as a member of the family was "mega-bogus to the millionth
power!"
     Their union produced two children: Sally and Francis.  It
was expected that as the elder of the two, Sally would be the
next monarch.  This was, to some extent, eagerly anticipated:
from childhood the family could see in her many reminders of her
namesake, who with Sonic no longer actively ruled Mobius but had
stepped aside to allow Charles to assume the throne.
     But changes had come to Mobius.  They were never rushed
into, for the memory of what Robotnik had done to their world and
how long it was taking to undo that damage was still fresh. 
Still, it was the young Sally herself who asked that, instead of
a traditional education followed by her assumption of the Mobian
throne, she apply to study at Starfleet Academy.
     Despite grumblings in some circles that she was engaging in
"a lark," it proved to be a very serious business to even apply. 
Entrance requirements to the Academy were structured in such a
way that non-humanoids were effectively, if not intentionally, 
weeded out.  Sally discovered this two years before she was even
eligible to enroll, and this only served to fire her ambition not
only to enroll but to graduate.  Sally's family never sought to
influence Starfleet in any way concerning their admissions
policies, and it was to Sally's credit that her own hard work and
perseverance eventually earned her the chance to enlist and to
pass or fail on her own merits.  Despite their noninvolvement,
her family never ceased to encourage her in her goal; her
grandmother in fact became her strongest backer.  When her
application was accepted, Sally repaid that dedication and
support by taking her grandmother's birth surname, "Acorn."
     Her entrance into Starfleet Academy began what proved to be
four of the hardest years of her life.  Her being the first non-
humanoid to enter Starfleet Academy subjected her to more
publicity than she had experienced even as a member of the Mobian
royal house.  It was not always welcome, either, for conservative
elements within Starfleet Command frankly resented a non-humanoid
even seeking a command position.  It was an attitude shared by
some of her classmates who, outside the glare of publicity,
harassed her and on more than one occasion almost drove her to
resign from the Academy.
     During that time alone on an alien world, Sally kept to her
classwork and her training.  For a time it kept away the profound
loneliness she felt.  Eventually, however, it wasn't enough.
     That changed drastically when, in her third year, a first
year cadet named Eddie Sant' Angelo asked her to help him study
for a class.  Reluctant to tutor him at first, she felt herself
bound by the Academy's honor code to help him.  She soon found
herself attracted to the human as a friend, someone in whom to
confide and whose practical knowledge of human nature -- what he
called by the antiquated term "street smarts" -- made Academy
life easier for her in several respects.
     In her fourth year at Academy Sally's life was altered
forever by two developments.  The first took place during a break
in classes that lasted several weeks.  The loneliness she had
managed to keep at bay almost overwhelmed her, and despite the
fact that she and Eddie had assured each other that they would
reassess their relationship if things ever became "complicated,"
it wasn't enough to prevent the two of them from becoming lovers. 
For four heady months when they weren't in class Sally and Eddie
spent every spare moment in each other's arms.  It was finally
Sally who, troubled by an off-hand remark of Eddie's, realized
that the relationship had gone more than too far and convinced
Eddie that they had to break it off.  The decision had torn her
up inside, but she worked hard to concentrate on the fact that
she would graduate in two months' time.
     And then Starfleet intervened.  Literally on the eve of her
graduation, as if having tried everything else and failing to
keep a non-humanoid out of a command position, she was informed
that according to Starfleet General Order 27 she could not
receive her commission as an officer unless she abdicated as
successor to the Mobian throne.  The Judge Advocate General's
office explained that General Order 27 was drafted in order to
prevent any Starfleet officers in her position from amassing a 
private army composed of Starfleet personnel and materiel.  Sally
found herself having to choose between a career in Starfleet and
returning to Mobius.
     She chose Starfleet.
     She checked the forward window of the shuttle and saw
Mobitropolis, gleaming like a diamond on the edge of Mobius Bay. 
She was within radio range.  No sense putting it off.
     "Mobius Air Traffic Control, this is Federation shuttlecraft
Victoria requesting verification of landing coordinates for
Mobitropolis."
     "Shuttlecraft Victoria, this is Mobius Air Traffic Control. 
Your request is denied.  The coordinates you have supplied would
bring you too close to the Palace, and...Shuttlecraft Victoria,
stand by."
     The radio went silent.  Sally waited.
     "Shuttlecraft Victoria, this is Mobius Air Traffic Control. 
Set your navigational transponder to receive; we have been
instructed to send you new landing coordinates on a secure
channel."
     "Setting transponder.  Can you tell me who authorized the
new coordinates?"
     "Not at this time.  Mobius Air Traffic Control signing off."
     Sally again looked out of the forward window.  Her new
course was taking her north, away from the city and over the
Great Forest.  Whether that was good news or bad news she'd know
in a matter of minutes.
     The shuttlecraft touched down in a large meadow in the midst
of the Great Forest, only a short walk from Knothole.  Sally knew
it well.  As a child, the family would visit Knothole and her
grandmother would tell her of the days she had spent in that
clearing: playing games as a girl or watching and waiting for
Dulcy the Dragon to use the clearing as a landing strip in the
days of the fight against Robotnik.
     Sally opened the back hatch of the shuttle.  She stepped out
onto the ramp and down onto the lush, green grass.
     "Aunt Sally!"
     She turned to see two small figures running and toddling
toward her from the edge of the clearing.  Smiling broadly, she
knelt on the grass and opened her arms wide.  Her five-year-old
niece Colette was the first to reach her, legs pumping and arms
flailing wildly, followed unsteadily by her baby brother,
Antoine.  Sally had only known them from visual images sent to
her by Francis; now she hugged them to herself as they covered
her face with kisses.
     "Let me look at you two!"  She let them go.  "You're both so
big!"
     "I liddow!" Antoine protested.
     "You sure are," she said as she mussed his hair.
     Somebody walked up behind the two children; all Sally could
see of him was his boots.  She then looked up into the face of
her brother Francis, who had succeeded to the throne in her
place.  Francis wore the traditional blue coat of a Mobian king,
but he wore it unbuttoned; it seemed to symbolize the open, easy
spirit of his reign.  He looked much like his mother, with the
smoothe good looks of the de Coollette side of the family.  He
helped Sally to her feet and hugged her close.
     "I've missed you so much, Francis!"
     "Me, too."
     "Where is everybody?"
     "Waiting.  Come on."
     Sally collected her things--an overnight case and a garment
bag--and secured the shuttlecraft.  Colette, for her part,
couldn't take her eyes off Sally's uniform.  "You always wear
that much?" she asked.
     "Yes," she said with a smile, adding "Unlike some little
girls around here."  For Colette was wearing only a large, floppy
straw hat with a broad brim.  "I have an even fancier set of
clothes in here," indicating the garment bag which contained her
dress uniform.
     "Will you be wearing that when Great-Granmama dies?"
     "Yes...if I'll be allowed to...."
     "Here," Francis said to the children, cutting off further
talk, "why don't you run on ahead and tell the others we're on
our way."
     They didn't need to be told twice, but were off like the
wind.  Sally and Francis watched as they ran, laughing.
     "Will I be allowed?" Sally asked softly.
     "I think you'll have to ask Grandmama about that."
     "How is she?"
     "Soon, I think.  Maybe even tomorrow."  The two walked in
silence for a moment.
     "When did it start, Francis?"
     "About six years ago.  She seemed alright, and then...nobody
knows why...she fell into a severe depression.  And when she
wasn't depressed she was raging!  I'd never seen her like that
before; NOBODY had!  She never showed it in public, but we were
all bewildered.
     "Anyway, we put up with it for five years.  Then last year,
on the anniversary of Grandpapa Sonic's death we came out here as
we usually do.  That's when she made it clear that she wasn't
leaving Knothole, period.
     "I had my doubts; I didn't think she could be properly cared
for out here in the middle of nowhere.  Fortunately I was
mistaken.  For Grandmama it was like getting a second life.  She
could only stand for short periods of time, and even then not
without leaning on something or someone.  But it was amazing to
see her recover to the extent that she did.  The place needed
repairs in spots, especially the bridge over the river; it had
almost been completely washed out by floods two years ago.  But
there was no aspect of the restoration of Knothole that she
didn't have a part in.  She was too weak to lift any of the tools
herself, but she could tell you to the inch how long replacement
timbers had to be.
     "Still, it was a little terrifying at times.  During the
winter, she could barely get out of bed and we tried keeping her
warm with layer upon layer of blankets, but she'd end up throwing
half of them off, saying they were smothering her.  I was a
little afraid that she was trying to die from the cold, but she
was tough enough to get through even that!
     "Then about a week ago she stopped eating.  We tried getting
her to eat something, but she wouldn't.  After a couple of days
she admitted that she'd had a premonition.  That's when I sent
word to you."
     "Have you been here all this time?  Who's been at the
Palace?"
     "We've really been taking it in turns to stay with
Grandmama.  We're all here now only because we know she's seen
her death approaching.  Chamberlain Gaius of the badgers is
taking care of the day-to-day activities at the Palace for the
time being."
     Sally paused as they were about to enter the forest.  "Go on
ahead.  There's something I have to take care of first."
     "Don't you think you should ask?"
     "And run the risk of being denied?  No; I'm going to do my
part, whether anyone else in the family likes it or not!"
     Francis smiled.  "You always DID find it easier to ask
forgiveness than to ask permission.   Go on; I'll see you later,
and I'll make sure and take my time!"  And with that Sally left
her brother and began walking.
     A short walk brought her to a grassy clearing just beyond
the pool where Sonic had once gathered power rings.  She was
standing in the place that her grandmother had once called "the
heart of Mobius."
     In front of her were arrayed five upright stone markers. 
These were the graves of the greatest heroes of Mobius, the
Knothole Freedom Fighters.  Sally studied them one by one.
     Antoine.  The de Coollette family had spared no expense in
raising what it considered a glorious marker to memorialize him. 
Everybody else thought that "ugly" was a more appropriate word to
describe the gaudy, baroque marker.  The family had proposed
several other grandiose concepts, each one more elaborate and
more lacking in good taste than the one before.  Queen Sally had
finally insisted on the "simple dignity" of the present stone, if
only because she knew that this was as simple as the de Coollette
family was ever going to get.
     Next was the grave of Bunnie Rabbot.  Good old Aunt Bunnie. 
Sally couldn't help but smile.  Bunnie was never successfully
deroboticized, but that mattered little to her.  Very little
mattered to her as she got older.  She seemed determined to defy
the conventional wisdom which holds that a quiet maturity comes
with age.  If anything, Bunnie became more and more outrageous as
the years wore on.  She delighted in shedding one inhibition
after another in her old age like a tree losing its leaves, and
she didn't care whom she shocked in the process.  Sally fondly
remembered that weekend when Aunt Bunnie showed up on her
doorstep for an unannounced visit and managing to turn the entire
Academy upside-down.
     Skipping over the open grave that would soon be the resting
place of her grandmother, she saw the simple marker of her
grandfather, Sonic the First, King of Mobius, created first Lord
of the House of Ring.  Carved in relief into the stone was the
image of a gloved hand grasping a ring.  It seemed to symbolize
the hundreds of stories about him, even the patently apocryphal
ones.
     Next was a simple stone that always filled her with sadness. 
It was the memory stone for Tails.  Not "Miles Prower," no matter
how much the surviving members of the Prower family insisted. 
Queen Sally had finally allowed the compromise of "M. Prower" to
appear in smaller letters beneath the name "Tails."  "He hated
that name in life," she once said, "I see no reason to burden him
with it when he's dead."
     The death of Tails--the tragic, premature senselessness of
it--was keenly felt by the royal family if only because, as
everyone could tell, when Tails died a part of King Sonic died
with him.  Tails had become a test pilot as an adult, and had on
one occasion told Sonic that now he finally understood the "need
for speed" that Sonic used to talk about so freely.  The very
next day, while testing an experimental engine that its designers
had considered only a few steps away from warp capability, Tails'
plane had without any warning simply come apart.
     In a single moment Sonic lost whatever remained of the dash
and recklessness of his youth.  For the longest time he blamed
himself for Tails' death, and it was only with great love and
patience that Sally helped convince him otherwise.  "He always
spoke of Tails as his little brother," Queen Sally had once told
her granddaughter.  "It was never that simple.  In all the
universe, no brothers were ever as close as they were."
     Finally there was the smooth, white stone to mark Rotor's
grave.  She studied the lettering of it, the exotic polar Mobian
alphabet she had promised herself she would learn one day.
     But she stopped herself.  She had another promise to keep. 
Taking off her jacket, she jumped down into her Grandmother's
grave and, in accordance with custom, began scraping earth from
the bottom with her bare hands.
     Better to do this now, she told herself as she sent dirt
flying out of the hole.  While nobody's here to stop her.  And
stop her they very well might.  But so what?  After all, no
matter how much she might be out of favor with the royal family
Sally was STILL her grandmother!  And nothing, not even the
family, was going to stop her from helping to dig this grave...
her grandmother's grave....
     The reality of what she was doing flooded in upon her, as it
eventually did upon all Mobians who undertook the traditional
task of digging the grave of a family member with their bare
hands.  She threw herself on the ground, crying out in sorrow and
pain.  It was primal and inarticulate and done out of love. 
Someone she loved was dying and she was mourning her loss.
     At last, exhausted, she stood up.  It was then she realized
that the grave was just slightly too deep for her to crawl out. 
It was, in fact, deeper than she was tall.
     "Francis?" she called out hesitantly, not really expecting
an answer.
     "What?"
     Sally sighed with relief.  "I need a hand out of here!"
     Almost immediately she saw somone reaching down toward her. 
She seized the hand and was lifted up out of the grave.  Yet she
was startled to see that Francis wasn't standing near the grave,
but several yards back from it.  And the one who had pulled her
out of the grave, the one whose hand she had clasped, was an
older hedgehog with a long, bushy moustache.  It was King
Charles, her father.
     Sally only had a second to be shocked before Charles threw
his arms around his daughter, holding her close.  She felt his
body tremble and heard a sob.  He looked at her, his eyes full of
both tears and pride.  He opened his mouth as if to say
something, then stopped.
     "Daddy?"
     "She wants to see you."
     Picking up her jacket and brushing the dirt off her uniform
as best she could, she followed her father and brother out of the
clearing and into Knothole.
     It was as if time had stopped.  It looked like the Knothole
of her childhood, the royal retreat where the days were spent in
happiness and the evenings in recounting the acts of the Freedom
Fighters.  Yet she now only felt apprehension as they approached
the hut that belonged to her grandmother, then known as Princess
Sally.
     Inside the hut, against the far wall, there was a large bed. 
Sitting up in the bed at a slight angle, was that same Sally, now
known as Sally, Dowager Queen of Mobius.  She was no longer
active in ruling her people but was still very much loved by
them, even those for whom the fight against Robotnik was only
something to read about in history books and to hear stories of
told by aged Mobians on warm summer evenings.
     Sally gasped as she saw her grandmother.  Even with her dark
fur set against white pillows, she looked pale.  Her large blue
eyes were half-open and seemed dull, and her fur was ragged at
the edges.  One hand rested on the bed outside the blanket; it
appeared to be simply bones and veins covered with a paper-thin
layer of skin, as if the muscles of the hand were gone.  She was
still beautiful, but it was the fragile beauty of an autumn leaf
about to fall from the tree.
     "Leave us," Queen Sally said in a half-whisper.  "We need to
talk."
     With that, the others in the hut--Francis and his wife and
children, Charles and his wife Marie, and several others who
appeared to be nurses--walked silently out of the hut.  They cast
glances at Sally, but she didn't feel reassured by them.
     Sally slowly walked across the hut's wooden floor.  Her
boots made a thudding sound she usually didn't hear walking on
the deck of a starship.  For an instant it sounded like a heart
beating.  At her grandmother's bedside she dropped to her knees,
burying her face in her hands.  She might have started crying had
not Queen Sally spoken: "Child, look at me."
     Sally looked up.
     "Can you forgive me, granddaughter?"
     "What?  Grandmama, there's nothing to forgive!"
     "Yes there is, child.  I've treated you shamefully."
     "How?"
     "I may never have written to you, but Francis always shared
your letters with the royal household.  We all knew about your
assignments, your promotions, your becoming First Officer of your
ship.
     "But there was one letter Francis didn't share: one you
wrote six years ago.  I was old enough and foolish enough to be
curious about it and to read it when I found it.  In it you told
of how you were attending some conference at a space station, and
there you were reunited with this...with him!"
     Sally hung her head and bit her lip.
     "That letter made me angrier than I'd ever been before.  I
didn't take the news of your being reunited with your...lover...
very well.  I hated you, my darling.  I hated myself for the way
I felt.  Most of all I hated the humans, ones like Dr. Robotnik
whom I'd fought against when I was younger even than you.  For
five years I clung to that hatred, until it wore me out.
     "Then when I insisted on spending my final days here in
Knothole, I had a lot of time on my hands.  That's when I reread
your letters, all of them.  And not just with my eyes, but with
my heart.  And I saw, for the first time, how happy you were to
be reunited with your human, your lover, and how he made you
feel.  And I realized that the anger and resentment I felt wasn't
because you loved a human, but because you were so happy...a
happiness I haven't known since your grandfather Sonic died.  I
was foolish and wrong; THAT is why I ask your forgiveness."
     "You have it.  Gladly!" she said through her tears.  "But I
thought you were angry with me for abdicating the throne instead
of resigning my commission."
     "I felt that way for a time.  But then I remembered
something, something you yourself were probably too young to
remember.  It was when Mobius was first approached to join the
United Federation of Planets.  Your grandfather Sonic and I,
along with your father Charles, had spent the day in discussion
with two Starfleet officers.  When the meeting was over, Sonic
and Charles met together to discuss what to do about their
proposal while I escorted the officers, Captain Moore and
Lieutenant Picard, to the place where they would return to their
ship, the Stargazer.
     "We turned a corner of the palace and who should we run into
but you, my child, just a toddler at the time, no older than
Antoine is now, leading your nanny a merry chase.  You stopped
and looked at these two officers; they might have been giants to
you.  But you looked at them with awe and wonder and absolutely
no fear.
     "On the day you graduated from the Academy, and all your
classmates rose to salute you, it wasn't just because you were
the first non-human to graduate.  It wasn't because you were
graduating at the head of your class.  You had earned their
respect.  And I saw the look on your face when you returned their
salute.  It was that same look I saw when you were a child: there
was joy, but there was also awe and wonder and not a trace of
fear.  Then I knew you were meant to sit in a captain's chair and
not the Mobian throne."
     Sally wiped her eyes.  "Grandmama, I...I was so afraid of
what you might....I feel like such a fool."
     "Then we two fools should forgive each other's follies.  I
love you, granddaughter, I'm very proud of you and I always have
been."
     "I love you too, Grandmama."  She embraced her namesake. 
"Shall I tell the others to come back inside?"
     "Not until you answer something."
     "Anything!"
     "I...I just can't imagine what it's like to sleep with a
human!"
     "Well, what he lacks in stamina he makes up for in...
imagination."


***


     It was late morning the next day when Sally awoke.  For a
brief moment she thought she was back on the al-Buraq listening
to the dull roar of the forced air ventilation system.  Then she
remembered that she wasn't beathing recycled air, and that the
rushing noise in the background was neither the ventilation
system nor the warp engine.  It was the river.
     Looking around, she remembered.  She was in Knothole.  She'd
spent the previous afternoon and evening with her family, doing
more listening than talking.  They had spoken not of Mobian
affairs, things which would normally have preoccupied the royal
family.  Instead they had spent the time talking about family. 
Unconsciously and without effort, the fabric of their family had
been rewoven that night, and Sally knew she was a part of it once
again.
     She had been put up for the evening in the hut that had once
belonged to Bunnie Rabbot.  At first it was awkward being there;
she felt as if she were being asked to sleep in a museum exhibit. 
Soon, however, she had drifted off.  Now she saw that it was late
in the day.  Her body's rhythms had yet to fully adjust to Mobian
day and night.
     Getting out of bed, she started to put on her uniform, then
stopped.  There was something lying on the top of the chest at
the foot of the bed, something blue.  It turned out to be an old
vest, well-worn in spots yet so well made that it was still
wearable.  She put the uniform aside and slipped into the vest. 
It was soft and fit surprisingly well.  She turned to look at
herself in the full-length mirror in one corner of the hut.
     "Scared?"
     Startled, Sally turned.  Francis was standing in the open
doorway.
     "Only by you."  She looked again in the mirror.  "The
resemblance IS kind of unsettling, isn't it?"
     "Like all those pictures we used to look at when we were
kids."
     "Maybe I'd better leave this here," she said as she began to
slip it off.
     "At least let Grandmama see how well it fits.  After all, it
was her idea that you should have that."
     "What!?  Francis, I COULDN'T!  This is an...an heirloom!"
     "Exactly; a FAMILY heirloom.  And speaking of family, you
ARE planning on joining the rest of us, aren't you?"
     Sally smiled, then slipped on the boots that were part of
her Starfleet uniform.
     Most of the rest of the day revolved around Queen Sally. 
Few words were exchanged as Sally helped bathe her grandmother
and as she sat next to her as her fur dried in the sunlight.  The
Queen dozed and woke repeatedly throughout most of the rest of
the day, but was fully awake when her granddaughter spent the
early part of the evening answering the million questions Colette
had about Starfleet.  The two children were especially attentive
as she explained the meaning of her ship's name.
     "The al-buraq is the name of a legendary Earth animal.  He
was supposed to have carried one of the Earth prophets on his
back between one city and another.  It was ordinarily a journey
of many days, but the al-buraq did it in one night!"
     "How fast WAS he?" Collette asked.
     "Well, I've read that the al-buraq could look at a spot on
the farthest point of the horizon, and in just two strides he'd
be there!"
     This answer didn't satisfy Colette.  She wanted to judge the
speed of the al-buraq against the true Mobian standard.  "But was
he faster than King Sonic?"
     "That depends," she said with a sly smile.  "With or without
a power ring?"
     "With!"
     "King Sonic...no contest."
     "Without!"
     "It would have been close, but..."  She drew it out for
maximum effect.  "King Sonic would have been faster."
     "Hooray for King Sonic!"
     "All right," Francis said, "it's bedtime for you and
Antoine."
     "G'night, Mama," Colette said as Francis took her hand and
led her out of the hut.
     "That was as good a place as any to stop," Charles observed. 
"If we'd have gotten to telling stories about King Sonic they'd
NEVER get to sleep!"
     "I know," Queen Sally managed to say.  "There are so many
stories...."
     "And we must have heard them all when we were growing up,"
Sally added.
     "Not all.  Not the ones Sonic and I kept to ourselves."
     For the next two hours, as the sky outside deepened to
indigo and then to black, Queen Sally recounted several stories
that Sally and Francis (or, for that matter, any other member of
the royal family) has never heard before.  These weren't stories
that detailed momentous events in Mobian history, or celebrated
heroic exploits.  They were, instead, incidents in the lives of
two young Mobians struggling to find their way toward adulthood
while busy waging a guerrilla war and, in the process, learning
how much they really cared about each other.  Sally recognized at
once the feelings of which her grandmother spoke, for she indeed
had felt them herself when she was with Eddie.  She went to sleep
that evening realizing how much she missed him, and how much she
shared with her grandmother.


***


     The next morning, Sally was up shortly after sunrise.  She
didn't think twice about what to wear, but slipped into the vest
and boots before walking to her grandmother's hut.
     "Good morning, mother," she said as she entered.
     "Well, look who's in time for breakfast!" Francis chimed in.
     "Good morning, Sally," Marie said as she kissed her daughter
on the cheek.  "I was just about to fix some tea for mother."
     "I can do that.  Looks like Francis could use some help,"
she added, for Antoine had apparently decided that he wasn't
partial to the breakfast menu and was making his displeasure
known.
     Sally measured some tea into a pot, into which she added
some water which had just come to a boil.  As the tea steeped,
she took a knife and an orange and cut off a section of the skin
about as wide and long as her finger.  After a short wait, she
poured the tea into a cup, then twisted the orange skin so that
the oils from the skin dropped into the tea.  Stirring them
together, she set the cup down next to Queen Sally's bed. 
Cradling her grandmother's body in one arm, she held the cup
while Queen Sally slowly sipped from it.  Indicating that she was
satisfied with half the contents of the cup, the Queen was set
back against her pillows.  She managed a smile and gave her
granddaughter's hand a gentle squeeze.  "You remembered," she
said, almost in a whisper.
     "Of course I remembered, Grandmama.  Rose hip tea with a
twist of orange peel was always your favorite."  She leaned over
and gave her grandmother a quick kiss on the forehead, then took
the cup back to the table.
     "At least it's not like some of those other Earth teas you
sent us," Marie said.
     "I know.  Some of them are really vile!"
     "What was the name of that one kind of tea you sent us,
'Earl Gray'?  It tasted like swamp water!"
     "I think it's more of a men's tea."
     "They can have it!"
     Sally laughed, then turned back to Queen Sally.  "Are you
sure you won't try and eat a piece of toast or something,
Grandmama?"
     Sally didn't answer.  Her head was tilted forward so that
her chin rested upon her breast.  Her right hand, which had been
in her lap, hung limp at her side.  Her chest neither rose nor
fell with the rhythm of breathing.  There was still a trace of a
smile on her lips.
     "Grandmama?"


***


     It was during the third watch that the shuttlecraft Victoria
eased back into the shuttle bay of the al-Buraq, docking next to
its companion shuttle, the Albert.  Sally had hoped that nobody
except those on duty would be there, but two other figures were
waiting: Captain Matsumoto, and the ship's counselor Tal Thorin.
     Sally walked down the shuttlecraft ramp and onto the deck of
the shuttle bay.  Turning to the captain, she bowed from the
waist while maintaining eye contact.  "Permission to come aboard,
sir," she said.  One of Captain Matsumoto's eccentricities was
his observance of some of the customs of his homeland while on
duty, and the ritual of bowing in greeting was one of them. 
While some aboard the al-Buraq made light of it and ridiculed the
captain behind his back, Sally understood--now more than ever--
why he held onto these small gestures.
     "Permission granted, Number One," the captain answered,
returning the bow.  "I'm sorry about your loss."
     "It was a loss for our whole world, sir."
     "Sally, I'd like you to wait at least 24 hours before
resuming your duties.  Ship's counselor Thorin will be available
whenever you need him."
     "I'm fine, sir.  Really."
     "I'm serious; I don't expect to see you on the bridge until
tomorrow at the earliest.  The ship will get along without you,
believe it or not.  For now, take care of yourself."  With that,
the Captain bowed and left the shuttle bay.  As he left, Tal
Thorin approached Sally.
     "Tal, please," Sally said wearily, "I'm not in the mood for
any of your curbside psychiatry right now.  I'm fine."
     "I don't think so," the Betazoid said as he glanced at the
Victoria.  Sally turned back toward it.  As if coming out of a
trance, only then did she realize what Tal was looking at.  When
the family had brought Queen Sally's body back to the palace for
the state funeral, the shuttlecraft's insignia and markings --
everything except its registry number -- had been masked by solid
black rectangles.  It was accepted practice to "strike the
colors" in this manner when a Starfleet craft bore the body of a
noted personage.  Sally had never unmasked the shuttle. 
Sheepishly she turned toward Tal.
     "OK, so maybe I DO need to talk."
     "Step into my office," he said, pointing to a bench along
the shuttle bay wall.  Sally sat down, and Tal sat next to her. 
"How did your grandmother die?"
     "I'd joined the family for breakfast.  I'd just given her
some tea, prepared the way she'd always liked it.  She drank
some, then looked at me and said  You remembered.'  I kissed her
and then made some small talk with my mother.  The next thing I
knew she'd...just slipped away."
     "What was it like when you realized she was dead?"
     "We all just stood there, all of us inside the hut.  My
father must have heard the silence and he stepped inside.  He
walked over to my grandmother's body and bent over her.  I guess
he checked her pulse; it was hard to tell because he had his back
to us.  Then...then he dropped to his knees, wrapped his arms
around her and started weeping.  That's when we all started
crying."
     "What do you think your grandmother was talking about when
she said 'You remembered'?"
     "The tea, I suppose."
     "You're sure she was talking about the tea?"
     "What do you mean?"
     "Sally, you've felt estranged from your family for all the
time I've known you.  Maybe she was trying to tell you
something."
     "What?"
     "I've gotten the impression that you felt that by choosing
to be a part of Starfleet you were no longer a part of the
family, or even a true Mobian.  Your family may never even have
said in so many words that you had rejected them, but that was
how YOU felt."
     "Yes," she said quietly.  "It seemed to make sense at the
time, but to hear you say it...."
     "Emotions have a way of doing that.  Anyway, I get a sense
now that the feeling of estrangement has been replaced by a sense
of wholeness, of belonging.  It feels as if the conflict has been
resolved."
     Sally looked up at him and smiled.  "You're good."
     "It's what I do," Tal shrugged.
     Sally rose.  "I'll be contacting you to set up an
appointment.  There are still a few things I feel the need to
talk about."
     "Any time you want to see me, let me know."
     Sally left the shuttle bay and entered the nearest
turbolift.  Despite the fact that her quarters were on Deck 5
with those of the rest of the senior staff, she instructed it to
take her to Deck 3.  Walking down the empty hallway, Sally
stopped in front of a door.  Pressing a spot on the door frame
she could hear the familiar two-tone chirp inside.  She also
heard Eddie sleepily mumbling "What?"
     She let herself into the room.  Eddie sat up in bed at once. 
"When did you get back?"
     Without answering, she walked to a short shelf of books
along one wall.  She pulled down a volume--a collection of
stories, essays and cartoons printed on the 500th anniversary of
the birth of James Thurber.  She opened the book and handed it to
Eddie.
     "Read this to me.  Just the last paragraph."
     Eddie's brow furrowed as he studied it.  "Listen, I
don't..."
     "Please?"
     "OK."
     Sally slipped out of her uniform.  Climbing into Eddie's
bed, she lay her head upon his chest.  With one hand Eddie held
the book while with the other he started stroking Sally's hair. 
He cleared his throat and began to read:
     "The poodle kept her sight, her hearing, and her figure up
to her quiet and dignified end.  She knew that the hand was upon
her and she accepted it with a grave and unapprehensive
resignation.  This, her dark intelligent eyes seemed to be trying
to tell me, is simply the closing of full circle, this is the
flower that grows out of Beginning; this--not to make it too hard
for you, friend--is as natural as eating the raspberries and
raising the puppies and riding into the rain."
     