    The Star of Death
                              by Kurt Kieser


     "What's up Sal?"  the plucky hedgehog asked, as he came screeching 
to a halt at Knothole's communication center after being summoned there 
by Sally.  
	
	"Oh, Sonic, thank goodness you're here.  We have a problem.  
We believe that Lieutenant Grayson, one of our scouts who's been 
stationed in Robotropolis for the past two weeks, has been captured.  He 
usually checks in twice a day, but we haven't heard from him since last 
night.  Two days ago he reported that Robotnik had come into possession 
of the Star of Rhodesia crystal, having stolen it from Lower Mobius.  
But last night, in his last communique with us, he stated that he was 
going to attempt to retrieve the crystal early this morning."  

	"And since you haven't heard from him," Sonic assumed, "You believe 
Robotnik's got him."  

	"I'm afraid so."  Sally replied.  "Therefore, I'd like you and Geoffrey 
to go into Robotropolis and...."  

	"Whoa, hold it, Sal."  Sonic said objectionably.  "I'm not going on any mission 
with that skunk, let alone take orders from him."  

	"Sorry you feel that way, mate," Geoffrey said, coming over to them, "But, orders 
are orders, and I order you to obey your commanding officer."  
	
	"Hey, obey this pal!" an incensed Sonic said, holding his fist up to Geoffrey as 
Sally then stepped between them.  

	"All right, that's enough you two. This stops now.  I want you to put an end to 
this silly grudge you hold against one another.  Honestly, you're like a couple of 
children.  That's another reason why I'm sending the two of you. I want you to learn to 
work together."  

	"Well, I'm willing to give it a try, luv,"  Geoffrey said.  

	"Stop calling her that!"  Sonic cried.  "She's not your girl......"  

	"Sonic!"  shouted an irate Sally.  
	
	"Okay, okay, I guess I can give it a shot,"  Sonic reluctantly said.  "But I'm not 
gonna like it,"  he mumbled under his breath.  

	"Commander!  We're receiving a transmission,"  Corporal Harris called out from behind
the communication console, as the others now came over to him.  "The signal appears to be 
coming from Lieutenant Grayson's communicator."  

	"On screen, Corporal,"  Geoffrey ordered, as an image now appeared to come through 
on the monitor.  "Lieutenant, come in please.  John, are you there?"  an anxious Geoffrey 
asked, as the image now began to take on the shape of an all too familiar figure.  

	"So sorry to disappoint you, Commander,"  an ominous deep voice said.  "But the 
Lieutenant can't be with you just now, he has an appointment with the roboticizer."  

	"Robotnik!"  Sally said in disgust.  "I might have known.  Let him go, he has nothing that you 
want."  

	"Don't act so naive, Princess. Of course he does,"  Robotnik replied.  "You know 
perfectly well that he's stolen the Star of Rhodesia from me."  

	"Oh, like it was yours to begin with,"  Sonic said sarcastically.  

	"I've made it mine, foolish hedgehog,"  Robotnik said.  

	"The trouble is, your man here took the liberty of hiding it before his capture.  Of 
course he refused to tell me of its location. something about honor and loyalty.  Pity.  
That's why I was hoping that perhaps you might be able to persuade him to change his mind, 
in exchange for his freedom."  

	"No way, Robotnik!"  Geoffrey said quite sternly.  "You know we can't do that.  No 
negotiations with terrorists."  

	Sonic then pulled Geoffrey over to the side.  "What are doing?  It's just a stupid 
stone, let him have it.  We're dealing with a human life here."  

	"Sorry, Sonic, but that's not the way the game is played,"  Geoffrey replied.  

	"Game?"  Sonic asked in outrage.  "Is that what you think this is, a game?"  

	"Sonic," Sally intervened, "Geoffrey's right, we can't negotiate with him.  He'd 
never keep his word anyway.  I don't think you're aware of the power of that crystal.  Used
properly, it has the energy to provide power for an entire city, but if it were to fall 
into the wrong hands, its power could be compromised and used for evil.  Why do you 
think he wants it so badly?"  

	"I'm still waiting for your answer, Princess," Robotnik said impatiently.  

	"Wait, I'd like to say something,"  Lieutenant Grayson was faintly heard saying from 
within the roboticization tube.  Robotnik raised the tube just over his head so that they 
could hear him better.  

	"Well, so you've decided to tell me after all, I take it?"  Robotnik asked him.  

	"Not a chance," the Lieutenant replied.  "I'd never betray my friends.  I just wanted
to ask them to relay a message to my family.  Tell my wife and son that I love them and 
that I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to abandon them like an old worn out shoe.  And I'm sorry 
that I never got to take my son on that fishing trip."  

	"Oh how touching,"  Robotnik said unsympathetically, now lowering the tube back over 
his head.  "You had your chance.  I'll find that crystal with or without your help.  Say 
goodbye to your friends."  

	The tube then began to fill with smoke as the others witnessed in horror their 
friend's transformation.  It became too painful for Sally as she turned her head away.  
Sonic held her in his arms trying to comfort her.  Robotnik's maniacal laugh was all that 
they heard as the monitor finally went blank.  They all stood silently for a moment, still 
quite stunned.  

	"He was a good man,"  Geoffrey lamented.  

	Looking at Sally, Sonic somberly asked, "Do you want me to break the news to his 
family?"  

	Sally then thought for a moment and suddenly realized, "Wait a minute, he doesn't 
have a wife and a son. He's not even married."  

	"What?  What are you talking about, Sal?"  Sonic asked in bewilderment.  "The guy 
just said....."  

	"No, she's right, Sonic," Geoffrey concurred.  "He must have been trying to tell us 
something, like the location of the crystal.  Smart lad."  

	"Of course," Sally agreed, "That has to be it.  I just hope Robotnik doesn't figure 
it out.  Let's see, didn't mean to abandon them like an old worn out shoe and never got to 
take his son fishing.  The key words here I believe are abandon, fishing and old worn out 
shoe.  We know that he set up a remote outpost in an abandoned building, but kept that 
location a secret even from us for his own safety, in case Robotnik overheard his 
transmissions."  

	"There are lots of abandoned buildings in Robotropolis, luv."  Geoffrey said.  "But what kind, using the 
information that we have?  A plant that manufactured fishing supplies, or shoes perhaps?"  

	"There's nothing like that in the city,"  Sonic remarked.  "But, there is an old 
abandoned tuna cannery."  

	"Then that's where we begin our search,"  Sally said.  

	"You mean you're coming with us after all, Sal?"  Sonic asked.  "What's the matter, 
don't you think me and Geoffrey can get along by ourselves?"  

	"Ahh, in a word..... no,"  Sally replied.
     
	"Find anything yet, Sonic?"  Sally asked, as the three each searched the various 
rooms of the cannery.  

	"Not a thing,"  Sonic replied.  "Maybe we were wrong about this place.  Maybe he 
meant the fishing pier, or maybe...."  

	"I found something,"  Geoffrey called out from another room.  Sonic and Sally 
followed his voice and found him in a store room whose door apparently had been concealed 
behind several crates.  There, they found Lieutenant Grayson's computer terminal had been 
smashed against the wall, his papers were scattered all about along with his clothing and 
supplies, as well as other miscellaneous debris which had been there before.  

	"Man, what a mess,"  Sonic remarked.  "Even my room never looked this bad."  

	"That's too easy, I'll just let that one pass," Sally commented.  

	"Ha ha, very funny, Sal,"  Sonic drolly replied.  

	"I found Lieutenant Grayson's notebook buried under the remains of his computer,"  
Geoffrey said.  "And there was also a disc still inside the drive of his computer."  

	"Nice work, Geoffrey," Sally replied.  

	"Nice work, Geoffrey,"  Sonic mocked.  "Hey, I could have found that just as easily.  
The big show-off."  
	
	"Sonic!"  Sally said a bit irked.  "Let's see what this disc contains."  She inserted
it into Nicole and it brought up an intricate schematic diagram for some sort of electronic 
device.  "Nicole, translate the purpose of these plans."  

	"Scanning Sally,"  the hand-held computer replied.  "Plans are for a stealth swatbot,
capable of invisibility."  

	"Oh my gosh,"  Sally said in dismay.  "If Robotnik ever built something like this, we
could be captured and never even have seen it coming."  

	"Yeah, but doesn't invisibility require a lot of power?"  Sonic asked.  

	"You're right,"  Sally said.  "Nicole, what is the source of the bot's power intended
to be?"  

	"Standard power supply inadequate for invisibility mode,"  Nicole replied.  "Bot 
requires a power stone such as a Chaos Emerald or the Star of Rhodesia crystal."  

	"So that's what he wants it for,"  Sally reasoned.  "Nicole, can the Star of Rhodesia
power more than one of these bots?"  

	"Analyzing,"  Nicole replied.  "Carefully cut up into several fragments, the Star of 
Rhodesia crystal can power up to eight such bots."  

	"Then we'd better find it, and fast, otherwise we'll all be in a lot of trouble,"  
Sonic surmised.  
	
	"You're right,"  Sally agreed.  "Geoffrey, is there anything of any importance in the
Lieutenant's notebook?"  

	"According to his last entry, luv," Geoffrey began, "he says that the crystal had 
been stolen by one of Robotnik's most ruthless yet seldom seen henchmen, Colonel Sebastian 
Moran.  He goes by another name and his true identity is only known by Robotnik."  Geoffrey
began reading from the journal verbatim.  "I have traced the Colonel and found that he has 
taken up residence in Lower Mobius, assuming the role of one of its respected citizens.  I 
am convinced that he is non-other than......"  Geoffrey stopped reading.  "I'm afraid he 
just trails off at that point.  That's when they probably captured him."  

	"Hmmm, we'd better keep looking then,"  Sally replied.  "I just hope we find it 
before Robotnik does."  

	"Well Buttnik's goons sure turned this place upside down," Sonic surveyed, "But 
apparently didn't find it, otherwise he wouldn't have asked us to try and convince the 
Lieutenant to tell him."  As Sonic rummaged through the debris, he came across an old shoe.
"Hello, what's this?  Hmm, I wonder."  He reached inside the shoe with his hand, but there 
was nothing in it.  Shaking his head in wonderment, he just stared at it for a moment.  
"Say, Sal, exactly how big is this crystal?"  

	"Oh, not very," she replied.  "Only about three inches in diameter and about one inch
thick."  
	
	He then turned the shoe around and began to rotate the heel, which was hollow, 
revealing a hidden compartment containing the crystal.  "Oh Sal, could this be it?" he 
asked, holding the gem up to the light.  

	"The Star of Rhodesia," she proclaimed, coming over to him.  "Sonic, you've found it."  

	"Well done, mate,"  Geoffrey commended him.  

	"Thanks," Sonic replied smiling.  "You ah, didn't do so bad yourself.  Now let's get 
this thing back to Lower Mobius."  

	"Right,"  Geoffrey agreed.  "And try and find out who the elusive Colonel Moran 
really is."
     
	Back in Knothole, Sally was just returning from the communication center when she ran
into Sonic.  "Oh, there you are, Sonic.  I just spoke with Major Kent from Lower Mobius, 
and he was thrilled when I told him that we had recovered the crystal.  He said that he 
would send Griff over immediately to pick it up."  

	"Did you tell him about this Colonel Moron character?"  Sonic asked.  

	"You mean Moran, no, not yet,"  Sally replied.  "I'll tell him when we get there.  
And besides, I'd like to do a little investigating on my own."  

	"Ah, the word is snooping Sal," Sonic shrewdly said, "But why bother?  I already know
who's behind this."  

	"You do?"  Sally asked.  

	"Sure, and we can nab him when he gets here,"  Sonic replied.  

	"You mean Griff?"  Sally asked a bit shocked.   

	"Of course," Sonic said, "Don't you remember when he stole our power stone a year ago?
I never did trust that guy.  Now he's up to his old tricks again, only now he's working for
Robotnik."  

	"Sonic, it's often a mistake to accept something as true merely because it's obvious,"  
Sally reasoned.  "The truth is only arrived at by the painstaking process of eliminating 
the untrue."  

	"Say what?"  Sonic asked quite confused.  

	"In other words, we need proof,"  Sally clarified for him.  "And besides, I think 
you're still jealous of him after that time he made a pass at me."  

	"Moi?  Jealous?"  Sonic queried.  "Sal, Sal, Sal.  The hedgehog is not the jealous type."  

	"Oh really?"  Sally countered.  "Well then what do you call it when Geoffrey is 
around and refers to me as 'luv'?"  

	"A pain in the...."  Sonic was then interrupted when he heard an exuberant sounding 
Tails come running up to them.  

	"I'm all ready to go, Sonic."  

	"Go?  Uh, I don't know, sweetie," Sally said reluctantly, "This could be dangerous. 
You should probably stay here."  

	"But I'll be careful, I promise.  Please, Aunt Sally,"  Tails pleaded.  

	"Yeah, Sal, I promised the kid he could go,"  Sonic added.  

	"Oh you did huh?"  Sally said a bit annoyed, then thought for a moment.  "Oh all right."  

	"Yay!  Thanks, Aunt Sally,"  Tails happily replied as he hugged her.  

	"You're welcome, honey," Sally blissfully said.  "Griff should be here soon, so we'll
meet you by the great oak in ten minutes."  As Tails flew off, Sally turned to Sonic and 
was somewhat irritated.  

	"Sonic, I wish you wouldn't do that without talking to me first."  

	"Oh c'mon, Sal, he'll be fine,"  Sonic assured her.  "I've been on more dangerous 
missions when I was his age."  

	"That's not the point,"  she said.  "Look, I just don't want him taking any 
unnecessary chances, that's all.  Just ask me first before you promise him something like 
that again, okay?"  

	"Okay,"  he agreed, then placed his arm around her.  "I'm sorry.  But you know, he is
growing up, you can't protect him from the outside world forever."  

	Breathing a heavy sigh, she replied, "I know, but I can try."
     
	As they were gathered by the great oak along with Geoffrey, a hoversled soon pulled 
up beside them.  The top panel of the vehicle slid open as Griff stepped out to greet them.  
Sonic, and even Geoffrey, seemed a bit irked as Griff took Sally's hand and tenderly kissed
it.  

	"Hello, Sally."  

	"Hello, Griff. It's good to see you again,"  Sally said blushing, as she then 
introduced him to Tails and Geoffrey, whom he had not met before.  

	"I can't tell you how relieved we all are that you've recovered the crystal,"  Griff 
said.  "Without it, we couldn't survive for very long.  It supplies all the energy for 
Lower Mobius.  The power stone you so graciously shared with us about a year ago, had 
finally begun to fade, especially after we expanded the city when additional freedom 
fighters began to join us.  Fortunately, they told us of this magnificent energy crystal 
buried deep within the caverns of Mt. Seratubo in Downunda.  Several of us made the trek 
there, and eventually returned with the Star of Rhodesia."  Sally then handed him the 
crystal.  "The energy stored in this gem should last us several lifetimes.  Well, come on, 
there's so much I'd like to show you.  A lot has changed since you were last here."  

	They all then boarded the hoversled and made their way toward a large sewer pipe, 
hidden between two trees and surrounded by numerous shrubs.  The entrance to the pipe 
appeared closed off, until Griff aimed a remote control at it and it began to open like an 
iris.  As they passed through, it then closed again behind them.  They continued through 
the vast network of pipes until they finally came to a stop.  The top of the vehicle, as 
well as the pipe, slid open.  

	As they all stepped out, Sonic commented, "Man, it sure is dark in here."  

	"It won't be for much longer,"  Griff said, as he turned on a flashlight and they all 
then made their way into a secure room.  Griff opened a small panel in one of the control 
consoles and inserted the crystal.  Then, he threw a switch causing the lights in the room 
to come on.  Over to the side, there was a large window overlooking the underground city, 
located two hundred feet below them, which was now fully illuminated.  "Welcome 
to Lower Mobius, my friends,"  Griff said.  

	"Cool!  An underground city," remarked Tails, as he looked out over the vast 
metropolis.  

	"It's magnificent, Griff,"  expressed Sally.  "It's much larger and more beautiful 
since last we were here."  

	"Yes, as our population grew, so too did the rest of the city,"  Griff replied.  Two 
other figures now entered the room, as one directly approached Griff.  

	"Griff, you've recovered the crystal. Well done, my friend."  

	"How are you, Dirk?"  Griff replied.  "Everyone, this is Dirk, he works in the 
control room and watches over the crystal.  And this other gentleman is Major Kent."  

	"Oh yes, I spoke with you earlier,"  Sally said.  "How do you do?"  

	"Hello, Princess," Major Kent replied.  "We can't thank you enough for what you've 
done for us in returning the crystal to us.  Please, you must let us show our gratitude by 
staying as our guests for a few days."  

	"Thank you,"  Sally replied.  "Actually, we had planned on staying for awhile anyway, 
but not for pleasure.  You see, we believe another attempt will be made to steal the 
crystal."  

	"Oh I say, that is rather disturbing,"  Major Kent said in dismay.  "Are you sure?"  

	"Our operative in Robotropolis who reclaimed the crystal," Geoffrey explained, 
"informed us that the person responsible for the theft is working for Robotnik, and, is 
living here in Lower Mobius."  

	"Here?"  Griff asked quite stunned.  "You mean it was an inside job?"  

	"Exactly,"  Sonic replied, glancing at him quite suspiciously.  "And he's going by 
another name.  His real name is....."  

	"Is unknown to us at the moment," Geoffrey interrupted, shooting Sonic an icy glare.
"But we're going to find out.  Tell me, who else has access to this room?"  

	"Well, aside from myself, Dirk, and the Major," Griff replied, "The only other person
would be Julian Emery. He's on watch here during the day."  

	"Was he on duty when the theft occurred?"  Geoffrey asked.  

	"No,sir, I was," Dirk replied.  "Someone approached me from behind and hit me over 
the head, knocking me unconscious for several minutes.  I never saw or heard anyone in the 
area when it happened.  When I came to, I noticed the emergency egress lights had come on 
and figured right away that something must have happened to the crystal.  Then I noticed 
Griff as he helped me to my feet.  The Major arrived a few minutes later to see what had 
happened."  

	"here exactly were you when the power went out,Griff, and did you witness anyone 
fleeing from the scene when you arrived?"  Geoffrey asked.  

	I was just down the hall in the office when the lights went out, and even with the 
few emergency lights on, I still wasn't able to see anyone in the area."  

	"hat'd I tell you," Sonic quietly whispered to Sally, "He did it,Sal."  

	Sonic, shhh,  she said, quieting him.  

	But I didn't take the crystal!"  Griff insisted.  "I know what you all must be 
thinking.  It's true that I did take the Knothole Freedom Fighter's power stone a year ago,
but I was desperate to help my people here.  I was wrong, and I admitted it.  And yet, when
Sonic came to retrieve the stone, he understood our problem and was gracious enough to split 
it and share it with us.  So now that we have an even better power stone, why should I try 
and steal that?  I'd never do anything to hurt all my friends here in Lower Mobius.  You've
got to believe me!"  

	It's okay,Griff,  Sally consoled him, placing an arm around him.  "We believe you."  

	Of course we do," Dirk replied.  "We know you wouldn't do anything like that.  We'll 
get to the bottom of this. Don't you worry, my friend."  

	Thanks.  I appreciate that,"  Griff said rather alleviated.  

	"Sorry if I upset you, mate,"  Geoffrey said.  "Just one more question though.  Where
can we find this Julian Emery?"  

	"He lives in the new apartment complex that we just built in the center of town,"  
Griff replied.  "It's also where you'll be staying while you're here.  Come on, I'll take 
you there myself."  As they left the room, Dirk and Major Kent remained behind.  

	Sonic then approached Geoffrey and asked in a tone so that Griff would not hear, 
"Say, what was the idea back there of interrupting me like that just as I was about to tell
them about that Moron fellow?"  

	"It's not a good idea to volunteer too much information, Sonic," Geoffrey said. 
"Letting on more than you know.  Sometimes it's better if you just let the other fellow do 
the talking.  You'd be surprised at what people will tell you if just give them the chance,
and how effective it really is."
     
	"Julian, it's Griff,"  Griff said, as he knocked at the door.  A short, thin 
gentleman answered and seemed happy to see Griff, until he noticed the others.  "Julian, 
these are friends of mine from Knothole. They're the ones who retrieved the crystal.  They 
just wanted to ask you a few questions.  This is Princess Sally, Sonic, Tails and Geoffrey."
  
	"What is it that you want?"  Julian asked rather rudely.  

	"We just wanted to ask you if there was anything out of the ordinary that you may have
witnessed or overheard in the past few days regarding the Star of Rhodesia?"  Sally asked.  

	"I don't know anything about it, I tell you,"  Julian said angrily and a bit nervous 
as well.  

	"It's back where it belongs, isn't it, so what do you want from me?  I didn't take it
if that's what you're implying."  

	"No, not at all,"  Sally reassured him.  "We just want to....."  

	Frustrated and angry, he was about to close the door when Sally suddenly asked, "Does 
the name Colonel Sebastian Moran mean anything to you?"  He froze as the door was now one 
quarter of the way closed and a terrified look came over him upon hearing that name.  
Finally, he closed the door completely leaving the others out in the hall.  

	"Did you see the look on that guy's face, Sal?"  Sonic asked.  "He looked like he had
seen a ghost when you asked him that."  

	"Apparently, he knows more than he's letting on,"  Geoffrey replied.  

	"Sally, who exactly is this Colonel Sebastian Moran?"  Griff asked.  

	"I'll tell you tomorrow,"  she said.  "Right now I wonder if you could show us where 
our rooms are. It's late, and we've had a busy day, we're all quite tired.  Tails can 
barely keep his eyes open."  

	"Of course. Right this way,"  Griff replied.  He escorted them downstairs to the 
second floor and showed each of them to their rooms, except for Tails, who was staying 
with Sonic.  About a half-an-hour later, the others were awakened when they heard a scream 
coming from Sally's room.  Sonic, Geoffrey, and Tails immediately rushed in to check on her.
  
	"You okay Sal?  What happened?"  Sonic asked rather concerned.  

	"I'm fine,"  she replied a bit shaken up.  "I was just startled when this came 
through my window."  She showed them a note which had been tied to a rock.  Sonic went over
to the window and looked out to see if he could see anyone suspicious in the area.  "It's 
no use," she told him. "They're long gone by now Sonic."  

	Geoffrey took the note from her and read the rather cryptic message aloud.  "Do not 
attempt to challenge the supreme authority, unless you are prepared to visit your ancestors."  

	"What's it mean, Aunt Sally?"  Tails asked somewhat fearfully.  "Does someone want to
hurt you?"  

	"No, sweetie,"  she replied, holding the frightened little fox in her arms, "someone's
 just afraid that we're going to get too close to the truth about the theft.  Don't worry, 
it's all over now.  I'll be fine, especially knowing that you're right next door to protect
me.  Now try and get some sleep.  Sonic..."  She signaled for him to take Tails back to 
their room.  

	"Come on, big guy."  Sonic said to him.  "And don't you worry, no 'supreme authority'
is going to mess with Sally, or they'll have to answer to an even higher authority..... me.  
'Night Sal."  She smiled as they left and felt very much at ease at his compassionate 
disposition.  

	Geoffrey then asked, "Shall I have a guard placed outside your door and below your 
window?"  
	
	"No, that won't be necessary,"  she replied.  "This was obviously just a warning.  I 
don't think any of us are in danger tonight.  Tomorrow however, as we learn more, I might 
take you up on your offer.  Good night, Geoffrey."  

	"'Night, luv,"  he said as he left, closing the door behind him.
     
	The next morning, after they had all eaten, Sonic asked, "Where to now, Sal?"  

	"I'd like to question Julian again," she replied, "and see if we can get a little 
more out of him this time."  

	"Just give me two minutes with him, Sal," Sonic said, striking the palm of one hand 
with his fist, "He'll be singing by the time I'm through with him."  

	"Is that your answer to everything, mate?"  Geoffrey asked.  "Violence?"  

	"Hey, works for me,"  he deftly replied.  

	"Well, that method won't work in this case, Sonic,"  Sally said, as they came up the 
stairs arriving at Julian's floor.  "You just observe and listen to a real detective in 
action."  

	"Well, I'm still waiting, " Sonic said rather wittily, "I don't see any detective, do
you, Tails?"  They then noticed the door was open to his apartment and saw Major Kent and 
Griff standing over the dead body of Julian.  A local official, Sergeant Vance, was 
checking the room over for clues.  "Whoa, looks like somebody used my method but took 
it to the ultimate extreme,"  Sonic commented.  

	"Tails, wait outside,"  Sally told him, then turned to the Sergeant.  "What's 
happened here?"  

	"I'm afraid Mr. Emery has been shot.  This is the weapon that killed him,"  Sergeant 
Vance replied, holding up a gun with a silencer attached to it, which he now began to 
carefully place in a plastic bag.  "This gentleman was found by Major Kent standing over 
the body with the gun in his hand,"  indicating over to Griff.  

	"Is this true, Griff?"  Sally asked a bit dismayed.  

	"Well, yes, but I didn't kill him!"  Griff insisted.  "He was all ready dead when I 
got here.  The door was wide open, so I walked in and found his body.  But when I bent over
to see if he might still be alive, someone hit me over the head and must have thrown the 
gun at my feet, for when I came to, I noticed it there and picked it up, which I probably 
shouldn't have done now that I think of it.  But I was still in a daze at that point.  
Anyway, that's when the Major came in."  

	"What was your reason for coming to see him?"  Sally asked.  

	"I wanted to talk to him about his rather strange behavior last night,"  Griff replied.  
"Something was obviously troubling him, because I'd never seen him like that."  

"And I came over to see why he hadn't shown up at work when his shift began,"  Major Kent said.  

	"I see,"  Sally mused, as she then examined the body more closely.  She noticed that 
he had a black eye, and specifically observed the area where the bullet had entered his body.  
"Sergeant, do you mind if I see the gun?"  Holding the bag containing the gun, Sally 
observed a few small blood stains on the bottom of the handle.  Handing the gun back to the
Sergeant, she went over to Griff and looked at the small wound that he had sustained on the
back of his head.  "That's a pretty nasty bump," she observed, "You might want to have that
looked at."  

	"I'll be all right,"  He assured her.  "I'll probably just have a throbbing headache 
for the rest of the day."  
	
	She then walked over to Julian's desk and went through it to see if she could find 
anything of any significance.  She discovered one of the lower drawers was locked, and 
began to search for a key.  "Sergeant?"  she asked.  "Did you happen to find any keys on him?"  

	"Why yes, Princess," the Sergeant replied, handing a set of keys to her, "I found 
these in his inside jacket pocket."  

	"Thank you,"  she replied, immediately searching through the key ring, finding a 
rather small key which she surmised would fit the drawer's lock.  It fit upon the first try 
as she then opened the drawer and discovered a strong box which was also locked.  She found 
the key for that and opened it, finding a bunch of letters all bundled together inside.  
They were all addressed to him and appeared to all be from the same person, an Eve Cairo.  
Upon skimming through several of them she concluded, "These appear to be some old love 
letters."  

	"So, what does that have to do with his murder?"  Sonic asked.  

	"Maybe nothing," she replied, "But it seems kind of odd that he would keep these so 
securely locked away, especially since he lived alone."  She then noticed a small button 
laying next to one of the legs of the desk.  

	Picking it up, Sonic asked, "Find something Sal?"  Examining the clothes that Julian 
was presently wearing, she concluded, "This button obviously didn't belong to him."  

	"I'll bet it belonged to the murderer,"  Tails said with great certainty, as he came 
back into the room.  Sally went over and crouched down in front of him, placed her hands on
his shoulders and said, "Sweetie, I asked you to wait outside, I don't want you to see this, 
now please...."  

	"But, Aunt Sally, I just saw someone coming down the hall toward this room."  No 
sooner had he said that, then did that person appear in the doorway.  

	"What happened, Julian?  Did you throw a party last night and forget to invite....." 
The stranger paused when he saw the dead body.  "Julian!  Oh no, I was afraid of this."  

	"Afraid of what, and who are you?"  Sally asked.  

	"Oh, forgive me,"  he replied.  "My name is Frank Morelli, I live just down the hall,
and Julian is..... was, my best friend.  We had gone to school together."  He still seemed 
in a state of disbelief.  "Oh, I told him to go to the authorities, and now they've killed 
him."  

	"Who killed him, Mr. Morelli?"  Geoffrey asked.  "The people whom he had gotten mixed 
up with, I don't for sure,"  he replied.  "He said he did it for the money, but later 
regretted it when he found out who he was really working for, Robotnik.  He tried to get 
out of it, but knew he was trapped.  He came to me last night and admitted that it was he 
who had stolen the Star of Rhodesia.  I told him that he should come clean and turn himself
in, but he was in fear of his life.  He knew too much about this mysterious Col......"  

	"Go on, Mr. Morelli."  Sally said.  

	"Um, that's all I really know, he didn't tell me any of the details of his 
involvement,"  he said a bit apprehensively.  "Have they caught the perpetrators yet?"  

	"I'm afraid not,"  Sally replied.  

	"Well as far as I'm concerned, we have the killer right here," Sergeant Vance said, 
placing Griff's hands behind his back and slapping a pair of handcuffs on him.  

	"Hey, you can't arrest him!"  Sonic protested.  "He didn't kill anyone."  

	"I'm sorry, Sonic," the Sergeant replied, "But all the evidence so far points to him.
He was found with the gun standing over the dead body, and that's enough for me."  

	"We understand, Sergeant,"  Sally said, as the Sergeant began to escort Griff out of 
the room.  "One more thing.  Do you mind if I hang on to these two pieces of evidence?"  
She asked, holding up the letters and the button. "I'll return them to you later this 
afternoon."  

	"Certainly, Princess,"  the Sergeant replied.  

	"Hang in there, buddy,"  Sonic shouted, as Griff was being led down the hall.  "We'll
get you out of this somehow."  Major Kent now also started to leave as the coroner arrived.

	Sally then turned to Sonic.  "Why Sonic, I'm surprised at you.  I thought you felt 
that Griff was guilty."  

	"Well, I did."  he replied.  "But this is murder, Sal, and I know he isn't capable of
that.  I thought about what he said yesterday, about how he was only thinking of how he 
could help the people here when he took our power stone.  It just doesn't make any sense 
for him to now want to steal it away from the very people that he was trying to help in the 
first place.  He's no murderer, Sal.  We've got to help him."  

	Sally then leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.  "I'm glad you've had a change of
heart.  And don't worry, we'll help him."  

	"Excuse me, Princess?"  Morelli said a bit nervously.  "There's something I need to 
show you."  

	"Certainly," she replied.  "Sonic, you take Tails back to your room, I'll meet you 
there in a few minutes.  Geoffrey, I want you to go down to where they're holding Griff and 
reassure him that we'll do everything we can to obtain his release.  Also, I want to know 
who the gun is registered to."  

	"I'll get on it right away, luv,"  Geoffrey said, then left the room immediately 
after Sonic and Tails.  Sally then followed Morelli down the hall then into his room.  
Cautiously looking around making sure that no one else was in sight, he closed the door and 
then drew the blinds.  Going over to his bookshelf, he pulled out a book and placed it on a
table.  As he opened it, Sally noticed that the inside had been hollowed out and a 
bunched-up cloth was in the place of the missing pages.  Morelli removed the cloth and 
unwrapped what was hidden inside it.  Sally was stunned at what she saw.  

	"The Star of Rhodesia?  But it can't be."  

	"It isn't,"  he assured her.  "It's only made of glass, but no one can tell the 
difference without closer analysis."  

	Holding it up to the light, she was quite amazed.  "I don't understand, what does 
this mean?"  

	"I didn't want to say anything in front of everyone," he stated, "But I know I can 
trust you.  Julian had come to me a little over a week ago and showed me a 
three-dimensional computer image of the Star of Rhodesia and asked me if I could make up a 
replica of it.  I thought it was a rather odd request, but he seemed in such an awful 
state, very edgy, so I agreed to it, but I told him that it would take a few days because 
of all the small intricate cuts that would have to be made.  You see, I'm a jeweler by 
trade.  Unfortunately, it wasn't quite ready the day that he needed it, and very 
frighteningly he said that he would have to go through with it after all.  He left before I
could ask him what he meant by that.  But when the power went out later that evening and it 
was announced that the crystal had been stolen, I knew then what he had meant.  The next 
day, when I had completed my work on the so-called counterfeit crystal, I took it over to 
him and confronted him about the stolen one.  He told me that he had taken it, but didn't 
mean to, said he had no choice in the matter and that his life depended on it.  That's 
when he confided in me and told me of how he planned to use the phony crystal to 
double-cross his cohort.  During his shift, his plan was to throw the main breaker, causing 
a blackout, then hand the phony crystal over to..."  

	"Colonel Sebastian Moran?"  Sally surmised.  

	"Yes, that's right,"  he replied, a bit amazed that she knew.  "His theory was that 
once Moran turned over the phony crystal to Robotnik, he would see right away that it was 
fake and become so incensed over such a betrayal, that he would take care of Moran once and
for all.  Of course it didn't happen like that, but now that the crystal has been 
recovered, he knew that he would be asked to steal it again, and this time he swore he 
wouldn't fail.  But last night, after you had tried to question him, he came to me, quite 
scared that he would be found out, and that's when I told him that he should turn himself 
in and reveal who Moran was.  I convinced him that it was either that, or live in fear for 
the rest of his life.  Unfortunately, Moran must have sensed that he was scared and decided 
to kill him, just to protect himself."  

	"And, he never told you who Moran really was?"  Sally asked.  

	"No, but I do have my suspicions.  In fact, I know that Julian kept a journal where 
he would write down his daily activities.  It's possible that he may have written his 
identity down in that.  So if you find that, you'll have your murderer."  

	"I'm afraid we found nothing like when we searched his apartment,"  Sally said 
regrettably.  

	"The killer must have taken it then,"  he figured.  

	"Princess, I'm worried.  Julian was killed because he knew too much, and since he 
confided in me, I know a lot too.  What if the killer decides to come after me next?  
You've got to find out who's behind this!  I don't want to be his next victim!"  

	"Calm down, Mr. Morelli,"  she told him.  "Nobody else knows what you've told me 
except me.  I promise you we'll resolve this matter.  Now just try and relax, I'll keep in 
touch."  
	
	After she left, he quickly closed his door and double bolted the lock. As she came 
downstairs to meet Sonic and Tails, Tails quickly came running into her arms in a panic.  
"Aunt Sally, Aunt Sally, I'm so glad you're all right."  

	"Of course I am sweetie, why shouldn't I....."  She then noticed that the door to her
room had been forced and everything in it had been turned upside-down and strewn about.  

	"I don't like this, Sal,"  Sonic confessed.  "This is really starting to creep me 
out.  What do you suppose they were looking for?"  She began to examine the room and then 
picked up her diskette case which was laying on the floor.  

	When she opened it, she proclaimed, "It's gone!"  

	"What is?"  Sonic asked.  

	"The disc containing the plans for the stealth swatbot.  I only have myself to blame.
I should have left it back at Knothole instead of carrying it around with me.  Now if they 
ever get their hands on that crystal as well, god help us.  It's all my fault."  

	Placing his arm around her, Sonic tried to console her.  "Hey c'mon Sal, don't go 
blaming yourself, you had no way of knowing.  Besides, those plans are worthless without 
that crystal and we're not gonna let them get it because you're gonna solve this case 
before they get the chance.  And I know you can do it, I believe in you."  They then 
embraced one another and kissed very passionately.  

	Tails had only one comment at their display of affection. "Yuck."  

	"Sorry, little bro, didn't mean to gross you out,"  Sonic replied laughing, then 
looked to Sally.  "So, what's next, Sherlock?"  

	"Next, I'd like to pay a visit to Miss Eve Cairo,"  she replied, then pulling out the
letters that she had found.  "I'd like to ask her about these.  You stay with Tails, maybe 
show him around town, while I....."  

	"Oh no, no way, Sal, we're going with you,"  he insisted.  "I'm not letting you out 
of my sight anymore until this case is solved.  They've all ready hit your room twice now, 
and if there's a third attempt, it's liable to be on you.  And no way am I gonna let that 
happen.  Tails and I are gonna stick to you like glue."  

	"Yeah, we could be like your bodyguards,"  Tails added.  Laughing, she finally 
consented as she leaned down and kissed Tails on the cheek.  

	"Okay, okay, you can protect me."  She then kissed Sonic and tenderly said, "Thanks."

	"For what?"  he asked.  

	"For caring,"  she lovingly replied.  As they began to leave, Geoffrey returned.  

	"I found out about the gun, Princess, it's registered to..... well what on earth 
happened here?"  Geoffrey wondered, as he saw the state of her room.  

	"We've had visitors while we were out,"  she replied.  "They got the disc.  I think 
maybe it would be a good idea to post someone outside our rooms tonight.  So who was the 
gun registered to?"  

	"To a Miss Eve Cairo,"  Geoffrey replied.  "She's the same one who those letters that 
you found are addressed to isn't she?"  

	"Yes, she is,"  she said quite fascinated.  "And that's who we're going to see now.  
We'll see you later, Geoffrey."  

	"Right, meantime I'll arrange to have someone stand watch tonight,"  Geoffrey replied.  
     
	"You sure this is the right place, Sal?"  Sonic asked, as they approached a small 
house a few blocks down the street.  

	"Must be, the same return address is on all these letters,"  she replied as she then 
knocked on the door.  

	A young woman answered.  "Can I help you?"  

	"Hello, Miss Cairo?  My name is Sally," she replied, "And this is Sonic and Tails, 
and we're here to...."  

	"Sally?  Princess Sally?"  Eve asked in amazement.  

	"Why, yes,"  Sally acknowledged.  "Oh do come in, please.  This is quite an honor,"  
Eve said quite elated as she admitted them.  "Now, what can I do for you?"  

	"Well actually, I wanted to ask you a few questions about Julian Emery."  

	Eve's look of elation soon turned sour.  "What about him?"  

	"He was found dead in his apartment this morning, murdered,"  Sally said rather 
seriously.  

	"So, what's it to me?  He deserved to die,"  Eve said quite bitterly.  

	"Obviously you don't share much love for him,"  Sally concluded.  

	"Why should I?"  Eve asked.  "He's done everything he can to make my life miserable.  
He had been blackmailing me."  

	"Is that why you killed him?"  Sonic asked.  

	"I didn't kill him!"  she declared.  

	"But you threatened to,"  Sally stated.  "It was your gun that was used to commit the
murder."  

	Realizing what was now befalling her, she somberly admitted, "You're right.  I did go
over to his apartment two nights ago and threaten to kill him.  You see, we used to go 
together years ago, but after awhile, things just weren't working out between us.  I 
started seeing someone else, but he just couldn't let go and admit that it was over.  When 
I became engaged to Paul, he's my fiance, Julian threatened to send Paul some of our old 
love letters, which were quite revealing, if I didn't help him.  I was naturally afraid 
that if Paul ever saw them, he would break off the engagement.  Paul knew that I had dated 
Julian in the past, but only casually.  So in exchange for the letters, Julian had me 
running these odd errands for him into Robotropolis; that's why I bought the gun, to 
protect myself when I went there.  After running several of these errands for him, he still
wouldn't turn the letters over to me. He just kept stringing me along and telling me that 
the next assignment would be the last.  Fed up, I finally went to him two nights ago and 
threatened to kill him if he didn't produce those letters.  I became nervous, my hand was 
shaking so hard that I finally just dropped the gun and ran out of his apartment, crying.  
But I didn't kill him, I swear I didn't!"  She now began to cry.  

	Sally tried to calm her.  "It's okay, I understand."  

	"Hey, Sal, there's someone coming up the walkway,"  Sonic said, looking out through 
her front window.  Eve went over to see who it was.  

	"It's Paul!"  she said excitedly, as she opened the door and ran out to greet him.  
"Oh Paul, I'm so glad you're here."  

	"Eve, what is it, what's wrong?"  he asked as he held her, noticing the tears in her 
eyes.  "Why have you been crying?  It's Julian isn't it?  Has he been bothering you again?"  

	"No, Paul, that isn't it,"  she said as she wiped the tears from her eyes.  They 
entered the house and she tried to compose herself as she then introduced him to the 
others.  

	"Princess Sally, Sonic, Tails, this is Paul Essex, my fiance."  

	"How do you do?"  they all said.  

	"Princess Sally?  My this is certainly a pleasure,"  Paul replied.  

	Eve then noticed a small bruise and cut around Paul's lip.  "Why Paul, what happened 
to your lip?  Were you in a fight?"  
	
	"Um, yeah, I got mixed up in a barroom brawl last night,"  he hesitantly replied.  
"Silly, I know."  

	"Oh you poor thing," she compassionately said, "Let me get you some ice."  

	"No really, I'm fine."  he maintained, then turned to Sonic and Sally.  "So, to what 
do we owe this special visit?"  

	"They're here regarding Julian,"  Eve replied.  "You see he's....."  

	Sally then cut her off before she could finish then asked, "What was the reason for 
your visit with Julian Emery last night, Mr. Essex?"  

	"Julian?  I never went to see him last night,"  he contended.  

	"Isn't it true that you had an argument and then got into a fight with him," Sally 
asked quite persistently, "Which would account for that cut on your lip?"  

	"No!"  he strongly denied.  "I all ready told you, I got this from a barroom brawl."  

	Sally then pulled out the button which she had found and held it up to Paul's vest, 
where one was missing.  

	Showing it to him she asked, "Is this yours?"  

	"Why, it sure looks like it,"  he presumed.  "Yes, I guess it is.  Where did you find
it?"  

	"In Julian Emery's apartment, near his body,"  Sally said.  

	"His body?"  he asked in horror.  "You mean he's..... dead?"  Sally nodded, then 
added, "Murdered.  Now will you tell me what you were doing in his apartment last night?"  

	He now had a more subdued look on his face as he replied, "You win.  You're right, I 
did visit him last night.  You see, I knew that he had been harassing Eve for quite some 
time now.  He couldn't stand the fact that we were to be married.  I'd seen how upset she 
would get because of him and I just couldn't stand it anymore.  So I went over to his 
apartment last night and told him that if he didn't quit bothering Eve..... I would kill 
him."  

	"Oh Paul, no, you didn't,"  Eve fearfully said.  

	"No, I didn't!"  He insisted.  "Julian just laughed off my threat, which made me even
more angry, and that's when I hit him.  We fought for about a minute until I knocked him 
unconscious.  But he was still alive when I left him, I swear it.  The worst I may have 
done to him was give him a black eye."  

	"Well you sure did that,"  Sonic replied.  "And I can't say that I blame you."  

	"Sonic,"  Sally said, shooting a glance over at him, then turning back to Paul and 
Eve.  "Just one more question.  Have either of you ever heard of or know anything about a 
Colonel Sebastian Moran?"  

	They both looked at each other indecisively shrugging their shoulders, then turned 
back to her.  "I'm afraid not,"  Eve said.  "Me either,"  Paul replied.  

	"Okay, well, thanks for your time,"  Sally said.  "I guess that's all for now.  I 
might be in touch with you again tomorrow."  They then bid them goodbye.  

	As they went down the walkway, Tails turned to Sally. "Aunt Sally, can we get 
something to eat now? All this detective work is making me hungry."  

	"Of course, Tails," she replied, "I could go for something right about now myself."  

	"Like a mouth watering chili dog perhaps?"  Sonic asked smacking his lips, prompting 
her to roll her eyes.  

	"No, Sonic, that wasn't exactly my first choice.  Look, why don't we let Griff 
decide. He probably hasn't eaten yet either.  I don't want to leave him sitting in that 
jail for much longer anyway."  

	"What, you're just going to walk in there and demand that they release him?"  he asked.

	"Pretty much, yes,"  she replied rather nonchalantly.  "Although I won't have to do 
much demanding, they'll have to let him go."  

	"But, Sal," Sonic reasoned, "They've got too much on him right now. The only way 
they'll let him go is if we catch the real killer, even I'm at a loss at what to do with 
the exception of a jailbreak.  Listen, if you can get him out, I'll give up chili dogs for 
a yea........ You're that sure huh?"  

	"Oh darn it," Sally said turning to Tails, "I almost had him there."  

	"Okay, I'll give them up for a day, how's that?"  Sonic asked.  

	"Oh well, it's better than nothing,"  she figured.  "Look, the reason they have to 
let him go is because Julian was all ready dead when Griff showed up."  

	"Say what?  Are you kidding, Sal?"  Sonic asked very puzzled.  

	"No.  When I examined the gunshot wound," she explained, "The blood around it had 
already coagulated."  

	"Co-ag-u-whated?"  he asked quite baffled.  
	
	"Coagulated, Sonic."  She reiterated.  "The blood had dried and hardened, meaning he 
had been dead for quite some time. The coroner's report should prove that.  On the other 
hand, the blood on the back of Griff's head and on the handle of the gun, which was used to
hit him, was still fresh.  My belief is that the killer forgot something and came back.  
When he saw Griff standing over the body however, he saw the perfect opportunity to blame 
the murder on him, so, he knocked him out using the handle of the gun, and threw it at his 
feet before he left."  

	Sonic looked at her in amazement then turned to Tails.  "Hey, is she good or what, 
Tails?"  

	"She sure is,"  Tails replied.  "And you're lucky.  You almost gave up chili dogs for
a year."  

	"Yipes, don't remind me,"  Sonic said with uneasiness.  Within ten minutes upon 
arriving at the jail, Griff soon thereafter found himself walking out the front door of 
the building with Sonic, Sally and Tails.  

	"I can't thank you enough, Sally," Griff said gratefully, "You too, Sonic."  

	"No prob,"  Sonic replied.  "You know something, I'll bet once the killer finds out 
that you've been released, he'll try to frame somebody else."  

	"I'm afraid you may be right,"  Griff concurred, as he then spied a local hot dog 
stand.  "Hey, how about a couple of chili dogs, my treat?"  

	"Great, I'd love....."  Sonic paused as Sally grinned and shook her head at him.  
"Oh man!"  he said in frustration.  

	"He'll have to take a rain check," Sally said, "Little bet we had going between us." 

	"Yeah, and he lost,"  Tails added.  

	"All right, all right, you don't have to rub it in,"  Sonic said, sounding defeated. 

	"Oh, Sonic, don't be such a sore loser,"  Sally implored.  

	"I'm not sore,"  he insisted.  "I'm hungry..... for a chili dog."  he mumbled under 
his breath.
     
	As they were finishing up their lunch, Griff asked, "So you're saying that the killer
came back for Julian's journal, but when he noticed me, he saw the chance to pin the murder 
on me?"  

	"Yup,"  Sonic replied.  "So if we find who has the journal, we've got our murderer.  
Right?"  

	"Possibly,"  Sally said.  "Quite possibly.  Although finding it isn't going to be 
that easy."  

	"Well, my money's on that Cairo dame's fiance," Sonic said with certitude, "What was 
his name?  Paul Essex?  Did you see how he tried to deny having been in a fight with 
Julian, or even being in his apartment for that matter?"  

	"But it was her gun, Sonic," Tails reminded him, "I think that she did it.  Who do 
you think did it, Aunt Sally?"  

	Turning to him with an impassive look in her eye, she replied, "Eve, Paul, Dirk, 
Griff, Morelli, Major Kent, Geoffrey, Sonic, you, me....."  

	"You don't know do you, Sal?"  Sonic figured, then noticed a shrewd grin on her face.
 "Do you?"  

	She didn't answer, but rather just sat there maintaining her astute expression, then 
turned to Griff as she began to get up.  "Well Griff, I want to thank you for lunch.  I'm a
little tired, so I'm going to go back to my room and lie down for awhile.  I'll see you 
later."  

	"Oh come on, Sal, just a hint?"  Sonic pleaded, as she began to leave.  She paused 
and looked over her shoulder at him, smiled rather contentedly, then walked on.  Turning 
toward the others, Sonic, in frustration said, "Man, I hate when she keeps things from me."
     
	Early that evening, Sonic stopped by Sally's room to see how she was doing, and 
noticed that she had been going through the letters sent by Eve to Julian.  He picked one 
of them up off the bed where she had them laid out and began to read it.  "Whoa, she really
must have had a thing for that guy,"  Sonic observed.  "Talk about hot and steamy, it's no 
wonder that she didn't want Paul to see these.  Hey!"  he shouted, as Sally snatched the 
letter from him.  

	"That's personal, you shouldn't be reading it."  Sally said.  "But it's okay for you 
to read them?"  he asked dumbfounded.  

	"My reasons for reading them are different from yours, Sonic,"  she replied.  "I'm 
looking for something that might help us."  

	"Well, I can help you look,"  he said eagerly.  

	"Never mind, I know what you're looking for,"  she implied.  "Anyway, I think I found
something.  In her last three letters to Julian, Eve began to sound very frustrated with 
him, saying that his demeanor toward her had begun to change.  She felt helpless as they 
grew further and further apart from one another, almost as though he were two different 
people.  He'd become preoccupied with some 'outside force' as she calls it.  She even 
mentions that he had become hostile toward her when she tried to discuss his problems.  He 
maintained that she was the one who had the problem.  Finally, in this last letter, she 
broke it off with him, saying that their relationship was over and that it could never work
out between them.  Now look at this last sentence."  Sally showed him the letter and 
read it to him.  "You've obviously found a more lucrative relationship with C.S.M., and I 
hope that you'll find happiness in your new found wealth."  

	"C.S.M.?"  Sonic wondered.  

	"Colonel Sebastian Moran,"  she stated.  

	"So she does know something about him,"  Sonic said.  

	"Right," Sally replied, "Only she lied about it when I asked her if she did."  

	"Gotta hand it to ya, Sal," Sonic said placing a hand on her shoulder, "That was a 
fine bit of detective work."  

	"Why thank you, Sonic."  she humbly replied.  

	"So now, I think you deserve a break," Sonic said, taking her by the hand and heading
toward the door.  "Come on, I want to show you something.  You see, while you were busy up 
here, Griff showed me and Tails around Lower Mobius, and there's just something that you've
 got to see to believe, and I'd like to show you before the sun goes down."  

	"The sun?"  she asked quite puzzled.  "The sun doesn't shine way down here."  

	"Don't be so sure,"  he replied.  Holding her hand, they walked until they came to 
the outer edge of the city which was surrounded by a large concrete block wall.  

	"Sonic, why did you bring me out here?"  she wondered.  

	"You'll see,"  he slyly replied as he led her along the wall until they came to a 
small archway within it.  Poking her head out through the other side, she was astonished 
with what she saw, a lush green meadow with a small stream running through it.  A waterfall
was feeding it which reflected the sunlight shining through from a large opening two 
hundred feet above.  As the sun slowly began to set, the color reflected in the mist where 
the falls merged with the stream changed from a light orange to a purple haze.  

	"Oh, Sonic, it's magnificent."  she said in awe, as the two stood holding hands beside 
the falls.  "I've never seen anything so beautiful."  

	Turning his head and now looking her straight in the eyes, he softly replied, "I did."  
They then embraced each other and passionately kissed.  Their tender moment was short-lived
however when they heard Tails off in the background.  

	"Sonic!  Sally!"  

	"Over here, Tails!"  Sonic called to him.  

	As Tails flew over to them, he was soon followed by Griff, Geoffrey, and Major Kent. 
"I had a feeling you'd probably come here."  Griff figured.  

	"We're sorry to bother you, but we need you to come back.  We think Morelli may have 
some important information that he's ready to reveal."  

	"That's right," the Major concurred, "He called me telling me that he wanted to talk 
to you and you alone, Sally.  He almost sounded like he was ready to confess."  

	"Really?  All right then, let's go.  Come on, Sonic."  Sally said, tugging at his arm
but seemed a bit disappointed in leaving so soon.  "Don't worry, I won't forget where we 
left off,"  she whispered to him.  

	"Neither will I,"  he quietly said under his breath.
    
	As they went inside the apartment building, Major Kent led them upstairs.  "Come on, 
it's this way,"  the Major said.  "I've visited Morelli before."  Leading them to the 
second floor, he then headed straight for the room, knocking on the door.  "Frank, it's 
Major Kent,"  he said as he tried knocking again.  

	"Hey Sal, this isn't where....."  

	Sally interrupted Sonic as she turned to the Major, "Here let me try, he was pretty 
scared when I left him."  She began to knock.  "It's okay, Mr. Morelli, it's Sally.  Please
let us in."  Shaking her head she turned to the others.  "Something's wrong, we're going to
have to break the door down.  Sonic."  

	"Gotcha, Sal."  Sonic replied.  "All right, everyone stand back."  Sonic then went 
into a sonic spin-dash and rammed straight through the door, tearing a hole in the lower 
half of it.  He hesitated for a moment when he got inside then slowly unlocked the door to 
let the others in.  Gradually opening it, he stuck his head out, quite aghast at what he 
had seen, then looked at Sally.  "Sal, I think you better take Tails down to your room."  

	"Why, what's wron....."  she peeked in through the door and was horrified at the 
sight.  Immediately she grabbed Tails by the hand and took him down to her room at the end 
of the hall, ignoring his protests.  Sonic then fully opened the door as the others were 
all quite in shock when they saw Morelli's body dangling from the ceiling by his neck, 
suspended by a sash cord tied to the chandelier.  A tipped over chair was just below and to
the side of him.  

	"Come on, Geoffrey, help me get him down,"  Sonic said as the two carefully lifted 
his body and removed the sash from around his neck, then laid the body on the ground.  
Sally then returned, clasping her hands before her mouth and shaking her head in disbelief 
as she saw the body.  She then regained her composure.  "Geoffrey, get Sergeant Vance on 
the phone and tell him what's happened,"  she said, as he then complied.  Sally began to 
observe the marks around Morelli's neck as Major Kent was over by the fireplace when he 
noticed something.  

	"Look here, Princess, could this be anything?"  Reaching into the ashes of the 
fireplace, the Major held up a partially burned cover which appeared to be from Julian's 
journal.  "And look at this."  He then pulled out a small computer disc which was now badly
warped.  "This might be the one that was stolen from your room this morning."  Sonic went 
over and examined them.  

	"Sal, this is the evidence!"  he exclaimed.  "Morelli might as well have signed a 
confession before he hung himself."  

	"I'm afraid the suicide theory doesn't quite stand up Sonic,"  Sally said.  

	"But, Sal, there's no sign of anything but a suicide,"  he insisted.  "Look, he got 
up on that chair," indicating over to it, "hung himself on the chandelier, jumped, and 
kicked the chair over, using his own bathrobe sash as a rope."  

	"I think that's all window dressing, look here,"  Sally said, picking up the sash.  
"Look at the sash, silken, smooth.  Now look at his throat."  

	"Well he was hung, there's bound to be marks,"  Sonic reasoned.  

	"Yes, but not raw lacerations like that," she contended.  "No, I think he was 
strangled first with a rough heavy cord, a rope, and then the stage was set with this 
over-turned chair, the chandelier, and the sash."  

	Sonic examined the marks on the neck a little closer and thought about Sally's theory
for a moment.  "Geez, I think you're right,"  he replied.  "You make it sound so simple, 
Sal, that's amazing."  

	"Actually, it's elementary, my dear Sonic,"  Sally couldn't help saying.  

	"Somehow I knew you were eventually going to say that, Sal,"  Sonic said shaking his 
head.  Sergeant Vance then arrived as Sally explained her theory to him as to what had 
happened.  She then left with Sonic and Geoffrey, heading back to their rooms.  

	Before retiring, she turned to them and said, "The pieces are finally starting to 
come together, so I think perhaps we should have a little get together and settle this 
matter once and for all.  Geoffrey, you'll make sure that everyone is present in my room 
tomorrow morning."  

	"You got it.  Good night, luv,"  he replied, as he then departed to his room.  

	"What's your plan, Sal?"  Sonic asked.  

	"Build up a case against each of them,"  she replied.  "Throw everything we got at 
them and throw it hard enough to bounce."  

	"Oh I'll make it bounce all right,"  he emphatically said.  "Good night, Sal."  After
they had both retreated to their rooms, a guard soon thereafter arrived taking his place 
just outside Sally's room, and another one below her window.
     
	"Look here, you can't treat me like this!"  Paul shouted as he was being dragged into
Sally's room by Geoffrey.  "I'm not a criminal!"  

	"Well then you have nothing to worry about, now do you, mate?"  Geoffrey replied.  
"Well, that's the last of them, luv.  Everyone else came without putting up a struggle.  
But there's one in every crowd I suppose."  

	"Thank you, Geoffrey,"  Sally said.  Looking around, everyone suspected was seated.  
Paul and Eve sat next to each other on the couch along with Major Kent, while Griff and 
Dirk sat in separate chairs.  Geoffrey and Sergeant Vance both stood by the door, while 
Sonic and Tails stood next to Sally, who then turned to address everyone.  

	"I appreciate your all coming here, I know that you're anxious for this to be over 
with as am I.  As you all know by now, Frank Morelli has become the latest victim in this 
case.  Both these murders and the theft of the Star of Rhodesia were carried out by one of 
the most brilliant and ruthless criminal minds known on Mobius, next only to Robotnik,  
Colonel Sebastian Moran.  A man, or woman," glancing over at Eve, "so clever, that his 
identity is known only by Robotnik and perhaps a handful of subordinates.  One of these 
subordinates was Julian Emery.  Moran had Julian steal the Star of Rhodesia and then turn 
it over to him who then in turn gave it to Robotnik.  His plan had worked beautifully.  
Robotnik had the crystal, and with it would have used it to power a new type of weapon, the
stealth swatbot, capable of invisibility.  Unfortunately for him though, one of our 
operatives got wind of this plan and retrieved the crystal along with the plans for the 
swatbot.  Sadly, he was captured and later roboticized, but never told Robotnik where he 
had hidden either of them.  He did manage to get out a coded message to us revealing their 
location, and in his notes told us of a person masterminding this whole operation, someone 
who had taken on another identity here in Lower Mobius, Colonel Moran.  That's when we came
in."  She indicated over to Sonic, Tails and Geoffrey.  "I began to find out a lot of 
things through most of you.  And if there's one thing that I've learned about a murder 
case, it's that if you just let people talk long enough, sooner or later somebody will 
spill the beans.  Well, somebody has."  She paused for a few seconds.  "Miss Cairo."  

	"You can't pin this on me!"  Eve shouted as she stood up.  "Just because Julian was 
murdered with my gun doesn't mean....."  

	"Sit down!"  Geoffrey forcefully said as he came over and pushed her back down onto 
the couch.  

	Sally then continued, "I'm not trying to pin anything on you Miss Cairo.  I just 
wanted to know why you told me that you had never heard of Colonel Moran, when in fact I 
know that Julian did speak of him to you."  

	"It isn't true!"  Eve insisted.  "He never told me anything about him."  

	"Oh come now, Miss Cairo," Sally demanded, "You know that he talked about a 'C.S.M.' 
in your communications with him, if you get my meaning."  

	Eve then realized that Sally had read the letters, she then calmly admitted, "It's 
true, he did mention him and told me how much he had to gain through his alliance with him.
I told him that I didn't like what this new found association was doing to him, what it was 
doing to us.  Finally I told myself that I'd have no more to do with him, that it was over 
between us, and I told him so.  He was furious and could never accept the fact that we were
through.  He told me he had entrusted me with certain information and now felt betrayed.  
He said if I ever told anyone of Moran, he would have to kill me.  But I never met him, I 
never even knew that he went under an alias, let alone was living here in Lower Mobius.  I 
only know of him, but not his identity.  And that's the truth, you've got to believe me."  

	"Why didn't you tell me this yesterday when I came to you?"  Sally asked.  "Julian's 
dead, he can't hurt you now."  

	"I don't know, I was still scared,"  Eve replied.  "I thought if I told you, Moran 
might somehow find out and try to kill me."  

	Sally turned and paced in front of the couch, thinking for a few seconds, then 
continued.  "After Julian was murdered, Frank Morelli began to fear for his life because 
Julian had started to tell him of some of his dealings with Moran.  Now he was afraid that 
perhaps he knew too much and might be next on the killer's list."  Sally then turned 
toward Major Kent.  "Oh, Major, what time was it when Morelli called you yesterday, wanting
to speak to me?"  

	"Around six o'clock last night, I would say,"  the Major recalled.  

	"Six o'clock?  Thank you,"  Sally replied.  "Geoffrey, would you mind getting me the 
building superintendent on the phone?"  He picked up the phone and dialed, and after a few 
seconds handed it to Sally.  "Hello?  Yes, I want to know something about apartment 25C.  
That's right.  What I want to know is, how long did Frank Morelli live in that apartment?  
Uh huh.  Where did he live before that?  Okay, thank you."  Hanging up the phone, she 
looked out among the others.  "Well gentlemen, and lady..... we have our murderer."  There 
was a long drawn out pause as everyone looked to her with baited breath awaiting her 
answer.  

	"Sal, I can't stand the suspense,"  Sonic impatiently said.  

	"Princess, who is it?"  Major Kent asked.  

	"You, Major,"  Sally bluntly replied.  "Or should I say, Colonel Sebastian Moran."  

	"Princess, you're joking,"  he said quite stunned.  

	"You were in a beautiful position to have covered up your organization's actions, 
weren't you, Major?"  Sally said.  

	"Princess, what are you saying?"  the Major asked.  

	"Then, you found your golden harvest was in danger,"  she said.  "Julian Emery was 
scared, threatened to talk.  That would have meant exposure for you.  So, to protect 
yourself, you caught up with him, and killed him, leaving your friend Griff to take the rap."  

	"You can't mean this, Princess!  It's nonsense, every word of it,"  the Major 
insisted.  

	"Hmmm.  You were clicking beautifully until we released Griff,"  she said.  "Then 
Major, you did just what Sonic said you would do."  

	"Yeah!"  Sonic said excitedly, but then with uncertainty asked, "What was that?"  

	"You tried to frame someone else to fit the picture,"  she replied.  "So you picked 
on poor little Frank Morelli because you knew that Julian had confided in him, telling him 
about your association with Robotnik.  So you strangled him, and in his fireplace you 
planted Julian's journal which contained information about your crooked deals and even 
disclosed your true identity.  Of course you carefully burned the journal so that only the 
cover remained.  And then you strung him up to make it look like a suicide, which would 
have closed this case."  

	"Why, Princess, you must be mad; you can't prove a word of this,"  the Major claimed.
 
	"Major, you said last night that you had visited Morelli before,"  Sally said.  

	"Yes I did,"  he replied.  

	"When was the last time you visited him?"  she asked.  

	"Why, a week ago,"  he recalled.  

	"A week ago?"  she wondered.  "And that's how it was that last night you could lead 
us directly to his apartment?"  

	"Why yes, I remembered the way,"  he contended.  

	"But that wasn't the way a week ago," she maintained. "That was the way only after 
two o'clock yesterday afternoon."  

	"I don't know what you're talking about,"  the Major professed.  

	"Frank Morelli moved from apartment 32A to apartment 25C at two o'clock yesterday 
afternoon," Sally stated, "The building superintendent just told me so.  If you hadn't 
visited Morelli for a week, how did you know that he was in 25C when you led us there?"  

	"Why, uh, the superintendent told me so when I tried tried to call Morelli back but 
didn't get answer,"  he retorted.  

	"Uh huh, I see,"  Sally mused.  "Well I'm sure the superintendent can substantiate 
that for me.  But there is still one other thing.  When you pulled the computer disc 
out of the fireplace, you said that it might be the one that had been stolen from my 
apartment.  Well, I never told anyone of that burglary."  There was a long pause.  "You 
made only one misstep Major, but you left a big bloody footprint."  Everyone stared at the 
Major, extremely overwhelmed at what Sally had just divulged.  

	The Major then quickly stood up from the couch, pulling a gun from inside his jacket.
"You're very clever, aren't you, Princess?"  he said pointing the gun at Sally.  Sonic 
immediately stepped in front of her to try and shield her.  "Yes, I did kill Julian because
he couldn't keep his mouth shut, and then Morelli because he knew too much.  But I'm afraid
that you all now know too much as well."  He waved the gun back and forth in front of 
everyone.  "It's a shame I have to kill all of you, but unavoidable, I'm afraid.  And since
you were the one to figure my plan out, Princess, I think it only fitting that I start with
you."  

	Geoffrey suddenly came up from behind the Major, grabbing his right arm and aiming 
the gun up toward the ceiling just as it went off.  Sonic grabbed Sally and Tails and moved 
them out of harm's way while Sergeant Vance helped Geoffrey restrain the Major.  "I'll take
that,"  Geoffrey said, taking the gun from the Major while Sergeant Vance placed handcuffs 
on him.  "It's off to the Devil's Gulag for you, mate."  

	Sally then approached and faced him directly.  She then reached inside his jacket 
pocket and pulled out a computer disc.  "So that's what happened to the disc,"  she 
surmised.  Sonic came over to her and seemed puzzled by it.  

	"I don't get it, Sal.  I thought he destroyed the disc in the fire."  

	"He destroyed 'a' disc Sonic,"  she said, "Not 'the' disc.  There was no way for us 
to tell what was on the disc that was destroyed in the fire; he just assumed we would 
figure it to be one in the same.  Besides, he needed the plans that were on that disc to 
give back to Robotnik, along with the Star of Rhodesia, which he was planning on stealing 
again once this case was closed."  

	"A very intelligent deduction Princess, you've proven to be a most worthy antagonist," 
the Colonel replied.  "But you've not heard the last of me.  No jail can hold me.  Mark my 
words, we'll meet again."  

	Geoffrey and the Sergeant began to drag him out of the room.  "Come on, mate," 
Geoffrey said, "Threats won't do you any good now."  As they left, Sally took Eve aside so 
that the others would not be able to hear.  

	"I think you know what to do with these,"  Sally quietly said, handing Eve the letters. 

	"Oh, thank you, Princess,"  she gratefully replied hugging her.  

	Sally then went back over to Sonic who extoled, "Brilliant work, Sal, I never even 
suspected that it could be the Major."  

	"Yeah, Sally, that was a fine job you did,"  Griff complimented her.  "This case had 
us all stumped, but you seemed to know exactly what to look for and what questions to ask."  

	Blushing, Sally replied, "Why thank you, it was quite challenging for me."  

	"One thing that worries me though Sal,"  Sonic said.  "Once Robotnik finds out that 
Moran has been captured, won't he send someone else down here to try and steal the crystal?"  

	"He would, if he knew where to find Lower Mobius.,"  Sally replied.  "You see, Moran 
wasn't stupid. If he had told Robotnik the location of Lower Mobius right off, he would 
have just sent down an army of swatbots to destroy the city and then take the crystal.  He 
would have had no use for Moran then.  As I said, Moran was very brilliant and seemed to 
have every base covered.  He only supplied Robotnik with enough information to satisfy him,
which was very lucrative for both of them.  So the city's location is not known to 
Robotnik, and is in no jeopardy."  

	"Well, you proved you were more brilliant than him, Sal,"  Sonic said.  

	"Thank you, Sonic,"  she graciously replied.  "But I think it's time for us to head 
back to Knothole now."  

	"Oh, before you go,"  Griff said, "I believe I owe Sonic something."  He turned to 
face him.  "How about it, you ready for those chili dogs now?"  

	"Do birds fly?  Is water wet?  Am I fast?  Is Robuttnik a big fat jerk?"  Sonic 
responded in riddles.  

	"I believe he means yes,"  Sally concluded.  

	"Yeah,"  Tails replied,  "And you don't need to be a detective to figure that out,"  
as they all began to laugh.
     
	Back in Knothole later that day, as Sally wandered out by the ring pool, Sonic and 
Tails came up to her.  "Aunt Sally, look what I made for you,"  Tails excitedly said as he 
handed her a drawing.  It depicted Sally wearing a deerstalker cap and bent over holding a 
magnifying glass as if she were on the trail of something.  Beneath the picture was a 
caption, 'Sally Acorn, Super Sleuth'.  

	"Oh, Tails, it's wonderful,"  she happily replied, bending over to hug him.  "I just 
love it.  Thank you so much, sweetie."  

	"Sonic thought of the title,"  Tails told her, then asked, "Can we help you on your 
next case, Aunt Sally?"  

	"Next case?"  she questioned.  "I don't know if there's going to be a next case, but 
if there is, you most certainly can help."  

	"Well I got a case for you, Sal."  Sonic said.  "I call it, the case of the missing 
kiss."  

	"Uh oh," Tails said, "I don't think I want to be around for this.  I'll see you guys 
later."  As he flew off, Sonic began to put his arms around Sally.  

	"Now I seem to remember receiving it yesterday,"  Sonic slyly stated.  "But there was
an interruption, and now I can't find it.  So how about it, Sal, will you take the case?"  

	"Take it?  I've all ready solved it,"  she sensually replied, kissing him very deeply
and passionately.  

	"Case closed,"  he said satisfactorily , as they resumed their loving embrace.

                                 THE END


E-mail: YakkoWarner@Worldnet.att.net