Sonic The Hedgehog
Time Lapse

I. Prologue

        It was cold. Dark. A quite mysterious yet enthralling night. 
Everyone had turned in except those sent on the special mission. As 
the deep blue sky grew more to a jet black, Sonic, as well as Tails 
and Geoffrey St. John, crept towards their final destination. 

        "I can pinpoint the emerald's location for us," Tails 
whispered whirring to the sky unexpectedly.

        "Hmm, guess it's just me and Mr. BO over here!" Sonic silently 
cracked.

        "Hedgehog, this is no time to dispute! The princess sent us 
here on a mission," Geoff replied.

        "Yeah, yeah I know... seek and destroy the...."

	***

        "Radioactive Chaos Emerald...," Sally murmured.

        "Actually, Princess, it is technically nine emerald shards," 
Rotor replied.

        Sally, Rotor, and Bunnie were located on the outskirts of the 
Great Forest. It was covered in thick grass about five feet tall. 
Trees were scattered here and there. Dead and alive. Like a tornado 
had just been through. With scarce water around lately, the ground was 
dry and hard. Cracking in almost every possible place. 

        "Princess, are you sure you want to witness the destruction 
of the shards?" Rotor asked worried.

        "Yes, it is important to me," she replied bleakly.

        "But, the shards could cause such a strong blast when blown 
up...," Rotor began, frightened now.

        "Rotor, dear, let sugah Sal make uh ‘er own mind!" Bunnie 
yapped to Rotor interrupting.

        "Yes, but wouldn't it be smarter to evacuate Knothole? Maybe 
head for the eastern continent?" Rotor asked, begging to leave one 
more time.

        "Rotor, I relieve you of you position and command. You may 
leave if you want," Sally stated standing her ground.

        "Princess," Rotor sighed.

        She gave him a short but sweet smile, then quickly returned 
to her night-vision binoculars.

	***

        "Sonic, the bomb is set," Geoffrey stated.

        "Alright! Let's scoot on outta here!" Sonic yelled grabbing 
Geoff's hand and yanking him out of the ninth shard's containment 
capsule. 

        "Okay, let's go, Sonic," Tails voice came in over Sonic's 
headphone.

        Sonic ran out of the building, but discovered a new problem. 
There was an invisible shield covering the area around the building!

        "We can't escape, Tails!" Geoffrey yelled.

        "Go on, little bud, we'll get out somehow!" Sonic screamed at Tails.

        Tails was hovering above watching in complete agony. Worried, 
he flew closer towards the shielded area. 

        "So, the brat wants to save the rodent!" A voice cracked, 
"Well.. Not this time!"

        The time was up on the bombs. Everything and anything trapped 
inside the force field was blown to pieces. Sonic and Geoffrey Saint 
John were no more.

        "Hmm, take him away, Robotnik," The voice yelled again, "He 
will make a good weapon."

        Tails sat on the ground crying as the large arms of Robotnik 
came and grabbed him. 

        "This is the end of you, fox... You and everyone... 
everything!" the voice announced one last time.

        Tails looked up at Robotnik and asked, "Who is it?"

        "Snivley," Robotnik replied, "my nephew.
---
Sorry for the inconvience!

Jesty

Comming up Next on Toonami is Sailor Moon! (I think I'm in Love!)
-----------------------------------
"I got you cheese" - Mario Lorello
-----------------------------------
You can visit me online! @ 
www.jesty.net ! Woo Hoo!
-----------------------------------

