Cyber Sonic: Emerald Quest: Part 1-The Water Flow

Author's Note: Well, folks looks like I'm getting this series up and
running (no pun intended). But please don't judge this one by the last one,
this one is much better. All right, on with the show!

Characters (In order of appearace)

King Sonic Hedgehog
Queen Sally Acorn-Hedgehog
Knuckles Echidna
Julie-Su Echidna
Miles "Tails" Prower
Jewel Hedgehog-Prower
Prince Speed Hedgehog
Basher Echidna
Princess Crystal Hedgehog
Duo Prower
Comet Prower
Mandy Treen
Nack Weasel
Rock Crocodile- Vector's brother, second in command of Nack's Gang.
Predator Hawk
Lightning Lynx
Flying Frog
Sgt. Simian
Ashley- Crystal's computer
Nicole
Bunnie Rabbot-D'Coolette
Mighty Armadillo
Kelly Armadillo- Mighty's wife
Espio Chamillion
Vector Crockodile
Captain Roron

PREVIOUSLY: After the emeralds getting drained, the FFs where visited by
the Knowing One. She informed them of a way to recharge them.

TIMELINE: A week later.

Chapter 1
Place: The Frozen Tundra, Mobius

The cold wind whipped across Sonic's face. If not for the goggles he wore,
it would have blinded him. "Keep up the pace, guys!" Sonic yelled over the
howling winds. "Another two kilometers and we'll set up camp!" He knew it
was close. They were looking for the Water Cyber Emerald. They had figured
out that certain Cyber Emeralds can track these new ones. This one was
being tracked by Sally's. This one was hers.

Following behind them were Knuckles, Julie-Su, Tails, Jewel, Speed, Basher, 
Crystal, Duo, Comet, and Mandy. Antoine, Bunnie, Lara-Su, Jessica,  Cristie,
and Amy had stayed back on the aircraft carrier that had brought them here.

Speed, Basher, and Mandy were walking side-by-side. Basher noticed Speed
staring at Mandy who was faced forward. "Hey, Speed." Speed didn't answer
him. "Yo! Speed!" He still didn't answer him. So he smacked him upside the
head.

"Hey! What ya do that for?" he asked Basher.

Basher paused for a few moments, then shook his head. "Man, you got it
bad."

"What?!?" Speed said.

"You know what I mean," Basher said, pointing at Mandy.

"I...uh, um...uh...I d-don't know what your t-talking about," he said.

"Geeze," Basher said, "Ya can't even get a straight sentence out."

"It's the cold," he said.

"Whatever," Basher said. "Listen, I've known you my whole life. I can read
you like a book. But it's your decision when and if you want to tell her."

Speed looked at her and sighed. "I guess you're right." They continued
walking through the snow.

*****

Place: Miles away

Nack Weasel sat at the helm of the oversized hovercraft, watching the
Freedom Fighters on the moniters like he had when The Knowing One had
first came. "Perect," he said aloud. "Alright everyone, we attack in the
cover of darkness," he said to his gang, Rock Crocodile, Predator
Hawk, Lightning Lynx, Flying Frog, and Sgt. Simian. "Once we get Queenie's
Cyber Emerald, it will lead us to the Water Emerald." The others just
smiled.

Chapter 2

Two kilometers later the FFs set up camp. They first set up a huge tent
to house their thermal heating unit and the smaller tents for them to
sleep in.

Sally was amazed at how quickly Sonic fell asleep with the way the winds
were outside. But she soon followed his example and drifted off to sleep
herself.

She woke up at what she guessed was 2:00 A.M. Mobotropolis time. She
could have sworn she heard something outside besides the wind which had
died down. She rolled over and shook Sonic. "Sonic, hey, Sonic, wake up," she
said.

"Just five more minutes, mom," Sonic said still asleep.

She shook him again, harder. "Sonic Maurice Hedgehog, wake up."

"Wha," Sonic said in a sleepy voice, "What did you wake me up for?"

"I think I hear something outside," she said.

"It's just the wind," he said.

"No," she said in a stern voice, "it was something else."

Sonic sighed. "Okay, let's check it out."

Sally put her boots on, Sonic put his shoes on, and they headed outside. 

*****

Outside the main tent Sonic looked around. "See, nothing," he said.

Sally looked around also. "Maybe you're right, Sonic....."

Then they heard an energy weapon powering up.

"Hands up, 'Your Majesty,'" they heard a voice say. Sonic put his hands up
slowly and turned around to see Nack holding a plasma rifle at him.

"Hello, Nack," Sonic said drily.

"Now, Queenie," Nack said motioning toward Sally, "hand over the emerald or
I do to this king what I did to the last one."

In a temperary fit of rage Sally leapt at Nack. Not expecting this he took
a step back. Taking this advantage, Sonic did a spinning heel kick,
knocking the gun out of his hand. He then grabbed Sally and ran back into
the main tent.

*****

"Guys," Nack said to his gang standing behind him, "activate the
emeralds."

*****

Sonic ran through the tent, stopping in the middle. "Everybody!" he
yelled, "We're under attack!"

Knuckles emerged from his tent followed by Julie-Su. "By who?" he asked.

"Nack and his gang," Sally said.

"Don't worry, I have a plan." He turned to Speed and Crystal. "Kids, you
stay here."

"WHAT?!" the twins exclaimed at the same time.

"Let me finish," Sonic said. "So you can come around in ten minutes to
sneak attack them." The twins looked at each other then looked at their
father and smiled.

"Okay now," Sonic said, taking out his Cyber Emerald, "let's give this baby
a field test. Cyber Emarald activate!" Fire erupted from the emerald and
swirled around him, his Cyber Armor fitting to his body. The armor
looked like a robotic version of him that was red, black, green, and
silver. "You guys ready?" he asked.

"Ready," they all said.

"Okay, let's go."

Sonic let loose a volley of fireballs as he emerged from the main
tent. Nack and his gang also in their armor blocked them easily. "So,"
Sonic said, "I see you're still using those power enhancers. Don't ya know
how dangerous those things are?"

They said nothing. They only let loose blasts of plasma fire. Sonic, luckily, 
was able to block them from it using his speed and avoiding damage from the blasts 
through his armor.

"They're not gonna give it up," Nack said. "Simian, Hawk, execute the backup
plan." The two of them pulled out two small cylinders each and threw them
into the snow. Then Nack pulled out a controller and pushed a button. He
smiled under his helmet as the ground started to shake.

*****
Inside the main tent, the kids were preparing to to help the others, when
the ground started to shake and the ground opened up beneath them.

*****
Sonic watched in horror as the tent collapsed to the ground and then
through it. "NOOOO!!!!!" he yelled.

"Oh yeah, hedgehog. I take it that with the winds the way they were you
didn't notice the mountain you camped next to," Nack said as he flew
away.

"Huh?" Sonic said as he looked up, saw snow coming down on top of him, and
his world went dark.

***** 
"Ohhhh, I have a splitting headache," Speed said as he sat up rubbing
his head. He looked around seeing that they were in some kind of cave,
with stuff from the tent all over the place. He saw everyone up and
about, except Mandy.

"Hey, has anyone seen Mandy?"

"Hmmm," Crystal said. "Here she is," she said running over to Mandy,"
Looks like she's out cold..." Then tears welled up in her eyes.

"Cris," Basher said, "What's wrong?"

"Sh-she-she's not breathing!"



Chapter 3

"C'mon," Speed said, "BREATH!" Speed had been giving Mandy CPR for the
last two minutes with no results. Everyone was on the verge of tears,
Crystal was sobbing into Basher's shoulder.

Just as Speed was almost ready to give up, Mandy coughed. She opened up
her eyes and weakly said, "W-wh-what happened?"

*****
Sonic's hand burst through the snow, and he was able to pull himself out.
He took off his armor's helmet, wiping the snow from it. He looked
around noticing that everybody was covered in snow. << Crap,>> he thought
to himself, << Now, what setting did Sally say to put the heat blasters
on if something like this happened?>> He thought for a few moments. << Oh
yeah! 2.5>>

He set his blasters and soon evaporated the snow off everyone. After he
checked to be sure everyone was okay he set a fire that his computer
said would last for a few hours. He then pulled Sally to the side. 
"Sal, did you get Nicole to call for backup?" he asked.

"Yeah, they should be here in an hour," Sally said.

"Good. We need to go for the emerald by ourselves."

"What?! Why?" she asked him.

"Because, we can cover more ground that way," he said.

"But the terain is very dangerous, and now there's Nack.....What about the kids?" 
Sally asked.

"They're okay," Sonic said.

"How do you know?" Sally asked him, almost on the verge of tears.

"Listen, Sal," he said,taking her face in his hands, "They have gotten
through worse. Heck, we've gotten through worse. And they're even more
resourceful than we were." Then he kissed her.

"Thanks, I needed that," she said. "But what about the others?" Sally
asked.

"Well..." He thought for a few seconds. "The fire I made should last for
a while, and our backup should be here soon, soooo we don't need to
worry about that."

"I guess you're right," Sally said. "Geeze, I haven't had to agree with
you this much in years. Don't expect ut to become a habit."

"Don't worry, I won't. Now you ready?" he said, slipping the armor's
helmet back on. Sally nodded.

*****
"Ashley," Crystal said to her computer as she sat on a rock in the
cave, "search for possible escape routes."

"SEARCHING, CRYSTAL," Ashley said. After a few moments and a few beeps
from the computer, Ashely said, "NONE FOUND, CRYSTAL."

"Crap," Crystal said. Suddenly, she heard a loud noise and one of the
cave's walls burst open. A figure stepped through the hole
created. Crystal didn't know what to think until she saw who it was. "How
did you get here?" she asked.

"Backup," the figure said.

*****
Sonic flew toward the mountain where Sally had pinpointed the emerald
with her in his arms. "You sure this is where that thing is?" Sonic
asked her.

She nodded, then having to talk over the winds she added, "I'm sure of
it." They said nothing as Sonic headed toward the mountain. It was
difficult to talk because of the rate that they where traveling. Soon they
landed outside the cave entrance to the mountain.

"Okay," Sonic said, "Lets go."

"I don't think so," they heard a voice say. They turned around to once
again see Nack and his Gang. "I'm gonna give you one more chance. Hand
over the emerald." Nack said.

"Sally," Sonic said, "Go get the emerald, now!"

"But what about you?" she asked.

"I'll be fine, just go!"

"Okay," Sally said as she ran into the cave.

"Hawk, Flying Frog," Nack said over a comlink, "Follow her and stop
her at any cost." The two did as they were told. "Everyone else," he
said aloud, "KILL THE HEDGEHOG!" As Sonic fought he never noticed the 
two missing members.


*****
"So," Mandy said as she sat down on a rock, "What's the deal with
Nack?"

"Well," Basher said as he cleared some rocks away looking for an
exit, "He's been bothering Sonic and my dad since they were our age.
He's been doing it ever since."

"But, why did he attack us? What's his motivation?" Mandy said.

"Don't know," Basher said. "Wish I did, though."

"Hey, everyone!" they heard Crystal yell. "Come here!"

"What was that about?" Basher asked.

Mandy shrugged. "Don't know, let's go check it out."

As they entered the main cave what they saw surprised them. 

"Alright!" Basher said," We're gettin' out of here."

*****
Inside the cave Sally made her way easily toward the center despite a
few traps. "Nicole," Sally said to her computer, "How far to the
emerald?"

"FIFTY YARDS DOWN THE NEXT TUNNEL, SALLY," Nicole said. "BUT BE WARNED,
THE CAVE IS SET UP TO COLLAPSE ONE QUARTER OF THE WAY IN, SO I SUGGEST
YOU RUN."

Sally made her way carefully down the tunnel, her Cyber Emerald ready so
she could absorb the power from the Water Cyber Emerald, waiting for
Nicole's signal. Five from the one quarter mark Nicole beeped, "RUN NOW,
SALLY." Sally sprinted down the tunnel. It started to shake. Pieces of the
wall started to fall. What Sally wouldn't give for her husband's speed
right now. Halfway there. Sally ran faster, avoiding the pieces of
rubble. Three quarters. Sally put on an extra burst of speed as the walls
started to fall down. Sally lept for the emerald as the ceiling fell on
her.

Chapter 4

Sgt. Simian slammed his armored fist against Sonic's face again. Sonic
was getting pounded by Nack's gang. He couldn't run because the snow was
too deep. And he couldn't melt the snow because the gang wasen't giving
him the chance. He had tried every ability his armor gave him except
three. <<Dang power enhancers.>> First he tried the Sonic Boom. He shot a
ball of fire and energy, cracking the sound barrier and taking down
Lightning Lynx. Next he tried the Sonic Fireball Spin, going into a Sonic
Spin. Energy and fire surrounded him as took down Sgt. Simian. Last but
definately not least, he used the Cyber Blast. His emerald on his helmet
glowed and he released a devastating blast of energy taking down Rock.
But now he was at Nack's mercy and he was out of energy. Sonic collapsed
to the ground. "Now it's time to die, Hedgeh-ugh!" 

Flying Frog and Predetor Hawk flew out of the cave slamming into
Nack. Sonic looked up to see Sally in her blue, silver, black, and green
Cyber Armor. "Sal-uh-ly." Sonic tried to stand up but fell down and
Sally caught him. "I've got you, Sonic," she said. "Lets get out of
here." And she rocketed off.

She landed behind a snow bank and took hers and Sonic's helmets off.
"You're in bad shape," she said. Sonic had blood coming out and he had
a cut above his left eye. "I'm going to try something I read about on my
computer." She put her hands on his shoulders and closed her eyes. A strange 
energy surrounded them and Sonic's wounds started to heal.

"Whu-what happened?" Sonic said.

"Ready to kick Nack's butt from here to the Downunda?" she asked. He
nodded.

*****
Rock sat up seeing that Nack had gone after Sonic and Sally. "Alright,
guys," he said to the other members of the gang, "we're going after
them!" Then he got knocked down to the ground again.

"I don't think so, sugah!" he heard a voice say. He looked up to see
Bunnie Rabbot-D'Coolette who had gained the ability to switch back and
forth from her robotic form, and the Chaotix, Mighty and Kelly
Armadilo, Espio Chamaleon, and Rock's brother, Vector. The Chaotix had their
Cyber Armor on. He was about to attack when he saw General Antoine
D'Coolette and the Mobian Royal Navy.

Nack knew he was close to Sonic and Sally, he could feel it in his
bones. "Hey, Snacky," Nack heard someone say he turned around to see
Sonic being held in the air by his rocket jets.

"Oh, Naaack," Nack heard another voice say. He turned around to see Sally
flying on the other side of him.

"Dammit," he muttered. Nack flew up higher, trying to avoid their plasma
blasts. He shot down small rockets and some of his own plasma blasts. Once
he saw an opening, he took it. Heading in the direction he came. He soon
saw what looked like an entire army point their guns at him and knock
him out of the sky.

Chapter 5-Epilogue

Place: The Battleship Trident

Sonic, Sally, Crystal, Basher, Knuckles, and Mighty were with Captain
Roron, commander of the battleship Trident, briefing him on what
happened. "What I don't get," Crystal said to Mighty, "is how you were
able to use the Cyber Emeralds. I thought that their power was drained."

"Well," Mighty said," Since we weren't involved in the final battle with
Robotnik -remember we were backup- or that last fight with Enerjak, we
weren't affected. But because of our first fight with Robotnik using the
Cyber Emeralds, our power is limited."

Sonic meanwhile, looked at Sally who was looking at him. For a short
moment they felt a strange connection. But it soon went away. "What was
that? "Sally asked. Sonic looked puzzled, then he shrugged.

***** 
Speed looked over the bow of the ship thinking about the day's
events, his gray jacket flapping in the breeze. << I can't belive she
almost...>>

"Um, Speed." Someone interrupted his thoughts. He turned around to see
Mandy standing there.

"Oh, hi," he said.

"Hi," she said, "um, well I just wanted to thank you for saving my life
today." She paused, then kissed him, somewhat surprising him.

" I...um...well," he couldn't get the words out, so he acted on
instinct, and kissed her back. " You're welcome." She then placed her head
on his shouder, and they watched the sun sink into the horizen.

The End.....uh, not quite.....

Mobian Army Transport Vehicle, En Route to the Devil's Gulag

"Great plan, Nack," Rock said.
Nack sat in silence.

"Yeah," Hawk said, "You got us captured."

"Will you shut up?!" Nack snapped, "We won't be in the Gulag long. In
fact, it could work to our advantage."

TO BE CONTINUED.....

NEXT: Knuckles' Reckoning

Prince Speed Hedgehog
Age- 17
Sex- male
Relatives- Sonic (father) Sally (mother) Tails (uncle) Crystal (sister)
Jewel (aunt) Comet (cousin) Duo (cousin) Jules (grandfather) Bernie
(grandmother) Charles (great uncle)
Friends- Basher, Cristie, Mandy, his sister & cousins, Lara-Su, Jessica
Cyber Emerald- De-powered

That's it for this time, join me for "Knuckles' Reckoning"! See ya then.