Cyber Sonic: Emerald Quest Part Three- Windbreaker
By: Kenneth Hillis a.k.a. Duo Prower

Author's Note: Okay, I've come up with something. With the Cyber Sonic 
saga being so huge, I've decided to kind of organize them into "Books". 
Cyber Sonic #'s 1-14 are "Book 1" and the next one will start after 
that. Okay? This story is kinda fast paced also. And I've noticed that 
there seems to be too much dialogue, but it'll be fixed next time. The 
next one has a bit more story and drama. I'm working on it now, and 
should hopefully be done soon. But of course, that doesn't mean I don't 
like this one. :) Remember the people with Cyber Armor at the beggining 
are: Sonic, Sally, Knuckles, the Chaotix, Kragok, Cronan, and Dindrix. 
(You'll learn more about him in another story) Also, I need feedback on 
this series, so please e-mail me! Well, I've nothng much else to say, so 
on with the show!

Characters in (hopefully) order of appearance:
??????
Knuckles Echidna
King Sonic Hedgehog
Queen Sally Acorn
Julie-Su Echidna
Antoine D' Coolette
Bunnie Rabbot-D' Coolette
The Knowing One
Miles "Tails" Prower
Jewel Hedgehog-Prower
Mandy Treen
Prince Speed Acorn
Locke "Basher" Echidna II
Princess Crystal Acorn
Constable Remington
Geoffrey St. John
Mighty Armadillo
Kelly Armadillo
Vector Crocadile
Espio Chameleon
Zartox
Kragok
Cronan
Dindrix
Cristie Stron
Amy Rose-Stron
Comet Prower
Rotor
Jessica D' Coolette

Cyber Sonic Episode 4

Chapter 1

On an unknown planet.......

In a quiet peaceful place, lush fields bear gigantic beautiful trees. 
The animal and plant life is quite abundant. But, sentient life it does 
not have. All creatures here have survived over the millenia by 
instinct alone.

Suddenly, the sky darkens greatly as the sunlight is blocked out by a 
huge warship. The shp begins to fire upon the unsuspecting creatures, 
tearing the ground up greatly. Fighters emerge from the ship and begin 
to lay an even greater line of fire. The animals didn't stand a chance 
for they had no defenses.

On the main bridge of the ship, a heavily armored man watches this with 
glee. "Ah, this planet has much energy. Lord Nebula will be greatly 
pleased."

*****
Mobotropolis, Mobius

"But it can't be The Dark Legion!" Knuckles exclaimed. He was in the 
Castle's war room with Sonic, Sally, Julie-su, Antoine, and Bunnie.

"Knux has a point, ya'll," Bunnie said, "It could easily be a breakaway 
fraction of them. We've faced 'em in the past."

"True," Sally said, "But none of those fractions have ever had so many 
members. What do you think, Sonic?"

Sonic shook his head."You've got me, Sal. I just don't know."

"C'mon," Julie said, "Let's stop dwelling on something we can't control."

"I geuss you're right," Sonic responded. "I'll contact the DL later. If 
it's not really them, maybe we can get some info from them. Anyways, 
Cemator's still alive?...... So to speak."

"Yeah," Knuckles said, "He almost had me and Julie, but we were able to 
beat him."

"Any idea how he got the Earth Cyber Emerald, Knux?" Sally asked.

Knuckles shook his head. "Nope. Not a clue."

"I belive I can answer that." They spun around to see The Knowing One 
hovering above them. "Greetings."

"Greetings," Sally said. "Why is it that you have come here today?"

"I have come to answer some of your questions," she said, "As well as 
hope you can answer some of mine."

"How did Cemator get the Earth Emerald?" Julie asked.

"First," The Knowing One said, "I must know, how many Cyber Emeralds have 
you recovered?"

"But I thought..." Antoine, Knuckles, and Sonic started, but recieved 
slaps over their heads from their wives.

"That you were supposed to know everything," Sonic shot out quickly. 
Sally glared at him, then continued.

"We have the one you gave us, Fire, I found the Water one, and Knuckles 
revovered the Earth one," Sally said.

"My," she responded,"You have recovered that many in only a month? I 
must say that I'm impressed. I geuss then you deserve to know the 
remaining ones, now that you have proven that you can find them. There's 
Wind, Ice, Lightning, and Gravity. But, if any of your enemies happens 
to get ahold of one of them, the result could be disasterous. For 
instance, if Nack Weasel had gotten the Water Emerald first, it would be 
his, and not Sally's. Now, as for how Cemator got it. The Emeralds have 
been scattered across the planet. Cemator simply found the Earth 
Emerald, but hadn't used its power yet."

"Cool," Sonic said,"Three down, four to go."

"Sonic," The Knowing One said,"I must let you know that with every new 
Cyber Emerald you get, your power increases and you gain new abilities. 
You will know them when the time comes. Farewell." And with that, she 
disappeared in a flash of light.

******
Mobotropolis Hospital

Tails and Jewel walked through the hospital halls approching Speed's 
room. Jewel was a bit more dressed up than usual, with a white shirt and 
tan dress. As Tails opened up the door they found Mandy, asleep in a 
chair next to Speed's bed. Silently, they left the room."Man, she sure 
fell asleep easily. It's 6:00 in the evening," Tails said.

"She's been keeping watch over him ever since he got hurt a few days 
ago. Honestly though," Jewel said,"I can't really blame her."

"Neither can I," Tails replied, "She's taking this worse than Sonic and 
Sally, but like you said, I can't blame her. Anyways, what do we do 
now?"

"How about dinner?" Jewel suggested, "Duo and Comet are both out with 
their girlfriends, so we shouldn't be interrupted."

Tails chuckled and took her arm as they walked away. "You talk like that, 
honey, and you'll jinx us."

*****

Basher walked with Crystal along the beach hand-in-hand. Basher could 
tell she was worried about something. "Something wrong, Crystal?"

She looked up at him."I guess I'm just worried about Speed."

"Ah, c'mon," he said."You know him. He'll be okay."

"I guess," Crystal said,"But I guess it has a lot to do with us being 
twins. I've read somewhere that it's been said that sometimes twins can 
have a tighter connection than regular siblings. I guess I just feel 
like a part of me is missing."

Basher looked down at her. "Um, Crystal... do you remember that thing I 
was trying to tell you the other night?"

"Slightly," she replied."Why? Was it anything important?"

<<Shoot, yeah it is.>> "Um, well, what I was trying to say was... well..."

"Locke Basher Echidna the second, spit it out," Crystal said.

Basher took a deep breath."Crystal, I want you to know... I want you to 
know you mean everything to me. I would give up anything for you. I love 
you."

Crystal looked at him for a few moments. "Did you just say what I thought 
you said?" He nodded. She threw her arms around him and hugged him 
tightly. She then pulled away slightly and looked him in the eyes. "I love 
you too." They then moved closer to each other and embraced in a deep 
kiss.


Chapter 2

Sonic laid on the couch in the living room as Sally walked in. Suddenly there 
was a bright white flash in the room. Sonic sprang up to see the Knowing One.
"What the?!? Dang, you sure know how to make an entrance. What's up? 
Something wrong?"

"Actually," she said,"No. I wanted to speak with you two alone."

"What for?" Sally asked.

"Sally, do you remember when you healed Sonic in the Frozen Tundra?" The 
Knowing One asked.

"Yes," Sally answered,"Why?"

"And do you two remember when you felt a strange connection on the 
Trident?"

"Yeah," Sonic said."They're connected?"

"Very much so, Sonic," The Knowing One answered. "Thanks to that, you two 
now have a telepathic link."

"Say whu?" Sonic asked.

"Not so that you can read each other's minds, at least without the other's 
permission, but you will from now on be able to communicate through your 
minds. Farewell." And with that she vanished in a flash of white light 
before either of them could say, "how?".

Sally plopped herself down next to Sonic. He noticed something about 
her. "Somethin' wrong, Sal?"

She looked over at him."You know we've hardly been able to even visit 
Speed since he got hurt?"

Sonic sighed and put his arm around her. "I know. But we've hardly even 
gotten any sleep for the past few days, much less time to visit him."

"We haven't even really gotten any time to ourselves at all since we 
began looking for the emeralds," she said.

"Well," Sonic said,"Why don't we head down there and see if there's been 
any development, then later come back and get something to eat. Alone 
for once."

She chuckled. "Sounds like a good idea to me."

*****

Tails brought his glass up to Jewel's. "Cheers," he said.

She lightly tapped her's against his and then leaned back against the 
couch. "Dang it's been hectic lately, hasn't it?"

He smiled. "Tell me about it," he said. Jewel reached over to the coffee 
table and put her glass down, then grabbed the last piece of food fom her 
plate.

"I thought things were confusing around here when Robotnik was here," she 
said as she finished off the food. She then bowed her head somewhat 
sadly. "At least we knew what we were facing then."

Tails knew something was wrong with his wife. He finished off his drink 
and placed it next to hers. "Jewel? What is it?"

She looked up at him. "I-I don't know, Tails... it's just... what the 
Knowing One says is coming... what she says we'll need the Cyber 
Emeralds for... Tails, I'm scared... and I don't know why."

He looked her in the eyes. "I'm sorry, Jewel, I didn't know."

She leaned against him and placed her head on his left shoulder. "It's 
okay, Tails. You didn't know. I just wish..... that we could live a 
normal life, and not always have to be worrying about if we'll still be 
alive the next day," she sighed. "But we've always had to deal with 
things like this."

"And we've always gotten through it," Tails told her, "and dwelling on 
it is not going to help us at all. All we can do is be prepared the best 
we can. And that means we have to work on finding those emeralds."

She looked up and smiled weakly. "You're right, Tails." She then moved her 
mouth to his and kissed him softly. The kiss soon became deeper and more 
passionate as Tails laid her down on the couch.

Suddenly there was a huge explosion outside. Tails shot up. "Ah, damn. Why 
always..." He ran over to the window and grabbed a pair of binoculars on 
the way. As he looked out the window he muttered, "Crap."

"What is it?" Jewel asked, walking over to him straightening her clothes 
slightly.

"Here," he said handing her the binoculars.

As she looked through them she repeated her husband's words. "Crap. The 
Dark Legion."

Tails sighed. "Great. Listen, I'll get to the war room. The others are 
probaly there by now."

Jewel nodded. "I'll go change." She then kissed him softly. "Be careful."

Tails smiled. "You know it." He then ran out the door as Jewel headed for 
the bedroom.

*****

Tails entered the war room as Sonic entered with Sally in his 
arms. "Sorry I'm late, guys," Sonic said as he placed Sally down, "Me an' 
Sal were at the hospital visiting Speed."

"Mandy is going to stay there on guard duty for the place," Sally said.

"Me and Jewel were having dinner," Tails said. "She'll be here in a 
few..." At the moment Jewel entered in a purple and orange streak. "Right 
now."

The war room was in chaos, soldiers and guards running about with 
everyone else trying to figure out how it happened. "Remington!" Sonic 
exclaimed running over to him,"How did this happen?"

"We're not quite sure, your majesty," Remington said. Sonic and Sally had 
tried to get him to address them by first name, but it didn't work. "But 
we think it might have been an interdimensional portal from a pocket 
zone. That would explain how they got here the last time. They're 
attacking the front part of the city and steadily moving in."

Suddenly Tails stopped in his tracks. Sonic noticed this. "Yo, bro, what's 
wrong?"

"Sonic," Tails muttered, "they have the Wind Cyber Emerald."

"Who?" Sonic asked,"The DL?"

Tails nodded. "Yep."

"Okay," Sonic said,"Sal, Knux, Mighty, Kelly, Espio, Vector, Geoff, let's 
get outside. Time to rock."

******

The eight Freedom Fighters soon exited outside. Before anyone could say 
anything, Sonic whipped out his emerald. "Okay, guys, Cyber Emeralds 
activate!" In flashes of bright light, their Cyber Armor was on them.

"Okay, folks," Sally said. "Mighty, Kelly, Espio, and Vector's Cyber 
Emeralds could give out at any time, so we'll have to stick to a buddy 
system. Sonic, you go with Mighty. Knuckles, you're with Espio. Geoffrey, 
Vector. And I'm with Kelly. Got it, everyone?" They all nodded. "Then let's 
do it." And with that they all rocketed off into the air in their  respective 
teams in different directions.

******

"Okay," Antoine said,"Everyone getz one blaster, and five energy 
grenades. Got that?" Everyone nodded.

"People," Remington continued,"you guys'll have to lay a line of fire at 
the DL to cover Tails as he tries to get the Wind Emerald."

"No prob with that," Bunnie said. Energy crackled around her and changed 
from her normal form to her semi-robotic one.

"Also," Tails said, "Basher, Crystal, Lara-Su, and Duo, join Mandy at the 
hospital and help protect it. Other than that, everyone else try and 
fend off and push back the, Legion, got it?" A resounding cheer answered 
his question. "Then let's go."

*****

"Got anything yet, Mighty?" Sonic asked as he flew through the city.

"Not yet, Sonic," Mighty replied."I hear them but... wait! Hold that 
thought." As the two rounded a corner they found MST officers trying to 
fight off many Legionaires, but the enemy's number was too great.

"I'll start, you follow," Sonic said. "Fire-Wave!" With that, a blast of 
fire energy shot toward the Legionaires, destroying a few of their tanks 
and knocking back a few Legionaires.

Mighty landed, crouching on the ground in front of a few tanks and DL 
robots. "Ground-Quake!" He slammed his right fist on the ground, throwing 
the robots away like rag-dolls and turning the tanks over.

Sonic softly landed on the ground. "You guys give up?"

"NEVER!" one of the Legionaires shouted.

Sonic grinned under his helmet. "Your loss."

*****

The same happened all across the city, the Freedom Fighters easily 
fighting of the Legion forces. Kelly and Sally had met back up with 
Knuckles and Espio, and were figuring out their next move on top of 
a building's roof. "Well," Kelly said, "it seems if we keep fighting them 
back like this, we should be done with them soon."

"I don't know," Knuckles replied. "It seems to be too easy. They've got 
to have something up their sleeve."

"You've got that right." The four Freedom Fighters shot their heads up 
to see Zartox and a barrage of Legionaires on a small transport.

"Great," Sally muttered. The Legionaires then leapt down and began to 
engage them in battle. Sally blasted some away with a water blast. "Give 
it up, Zartox!"

"I don't think so, Queen Acorn. You see- UGH!" Zartox fell to the ground. 
The Freedom Fighters looked to see Kragok with his robotic arm crackling 
with electricity. Next to him on either side was Cronan and Dindrix. 
Knuckles and the others rocketed over to them.

"What the heck are you doing here?" Knuckles exclaimed.

"Belive it or not, Gaurdian," Kragok answered,"we're here to help you."

Sally, Kelly, and Espio also rocketed over to them. "What's going on 
here?" Sally asked.

"I belive I can answer that, Queen Acorn," Cronan said. "Zartox, quite 
literaly, is mad. He convinced a large number of the Dark Legion into 
believing in his views. Then he attacked you a few days ago."

"Where are your emeralds?" Knuckles asked.

Each one of the three Legionaires drew out their Cyber Emeralds. "Right 
here," Dindrix replied.

"We just didn't want to have them activated when we first saw you," 
Kragok said. "We thought you might... get the wrong impression as it 
were."

Zartox picked himself up. <<Bumbling fools.>>Hhe ran over to the 
transport and leaped onto it. <<Time for the big plan.>>

Knuckles spun arpund to see Zartox taking off. "Dang! He got away!"

"Well, if you're gonna help us, "Kelly said, "better get that armor on, 
boys."

******
Mobotropolis Hospital

Crystal, Basher, Lara-Su, and Duo arrived outside the hospital to find 
Legionaires approching it, weapons ready to fire. "Great," Duo 
muttered. "Now what're we supposed to do?"

"Make a break for it, that's what," Basher said. "Got those energy 
grenades ready, sis?"

Lara nodded. "Ready and willing, Bash."

"Okay," Crystal replied. "Everyone take one grenade and toss towards the 
front of their little parade. Duo, you hit 'em high. Bash, to the left. 
Lara, to the right. I'll throw one in their faces."

"Got it, Crys," Basher said. Duo twirled his tails and flew into the air. 
Lara and Basher also took their positions as did Crystal.

"Let 'em rip!" Crystal exclaimed. They did as told and tossed them at 
the Legionaires, stopping them in their tracks."Move!" The four Freedom 
Fighters quickly moved their way into the hospital. "Duo, guard the door. 
No one gets in or out."

"Got it, cuz," Duo answered.

"Basher, help him. Me and Lara will guard the roof," Crystal 
continued. "Mandy's already here, taking care of any problems inside."

******

Tails, Jewel, Antoine, Bunnie, and Remington looked out over the city on 
top of a tall building."You find the emerald yet, Tails?" Jewel asked.

Tails shook his head. "Nope. It's somewhere near or in the city."

"Well," Bunnie said,"we just need to keep moving, folks."

******

Vector took a hit from a Legionaire robot in the head and went sailing 
across the street."Gotta be careful there, mate," Geoffrey said, helping 
the croc up.

"Ah man," Vector said. "Did anybody get the number of the flounder that 
jumped the bench?" He shook his head hard. "Dang, I think my armor might 
be givin' out. Either that or that thing packs one mean punch!"

"I'll that care of 'im," Geoffrey responded. "Crossbolt blast!" Geoffrey 
shot a highly compacted blast of energy, destroying the 'bot. "C'mon, 
let's find the others."

******

Right outside the city, a huge interdimensional rift opened up. Sonic, 
who was high above the city, noticed this. "Yo, that ain't good."

"What?" Mighty said, flying up next to him. He noticed it at 
once. "Yikes." A huge, gigantic black mech stepped out, ready for 
battle. "What the heck is that thing?"

Sonic put his hand to his helmet. "I don't know, but.... dang, the power 
readings are off the scale! The only thing that could give off the kind 
of energy is a..."

The two looked at each other and at the same time exclaimed, "A Cyber 
Emerald!"

"C'mon," Sonic said, "we need to find the others."


Chapter 3

The mech came close to crashing to the ground, but was held up by 
thrusters. "That thing is HUGE!" Knuckles exclaimed.

Sally, Kelly, Espio, and the three now armored Legionaires nodded. "We 
need to find the others," Espio said.

"Well, we know where some of them are," Sally said. "The hospital. We can 
send out a radio signal for everyone to meet us there."

"Let's go then," Dindrix said.

******

Lara slumped against a wall,yawning. "You okay, Lara?" Crystal asked.

Lara smiled slightly. "No..." She lost that expression. "No, that's a 
lie."

"What's wrong?"

Lara sighed. "Well, to tell the truth, I'm jealous."

"Of what?"

"Well," the young echidna said,"look at all of you. You and Basher, 
Speed and Mandy, Comet and Cristie, and Duo and Jess. I guess I'm just 
kind of... well, I feel left out sometimes."

Crystal put a reassuring hand on her friend's shoulder. "I'm sure you'll 
meet someone someday."

Lara looked up and smiled. "Thanks." Just then they saw all of the other 
Freedom Fighters approaching from all sides.

"Looks like the calvalry has arrived," Crystal said.

*******

"Well, Tails?" Sonic asked.

"Yep, it's on that mech," Tails replied. All of the Freedom Fighters had 
filled each other in on everything that had happened.

"Any ideas how to get it?" Geoffrey asked. "I mean, from what I saw, that 
thing looks heavily armored."

"I'm working on that," Sally said. "Cristie, Comet, Amy, and Rotor. Come 
in."

-------
Across the city, Cristie spun around in her seat to pick up the 
communication. "I read you, Sally. What is it?"
-------

"Listen," Sally said to her,"I need you to try and find a weakness on 
that mech."

-------
"I'm on it, Sally." She adjusted her wire rim glasses slightly. "Give me a 
few minutes though. Hey, Mom, Comet, Rotor, Jess!" Cristie yelled to the 
others in the room."I'm gonna need your help over here!"
-------

"Okay," Sally said,"we'll need to hold off that thing for as long as we 
can."

Sonic nodded. "Got it, Sal. Everyone with Cyber Armor, follow me! Tails, 
you too! Everyone else hold off that Pseudo Dark Legion!" he exclaimed 
as he rocketed off and the others followed.

As the Armored Freedom Fighters and Tails were heading towards the mech, 
Sonic said,"Listen up, guys. Remember, Tails has to claim the Wind 
Emerald. No one else can."

******

Zartox marched back and forth on the mech's bridge. "Heh. They're 
coming, aren't they?"

His second in command, a red echidna, nodded. "Yes, about eleven of them 
in Cyber Armor. One not."

"Hmmmmmm....." Zartox mused,"Well, I'm pretty sure they won't be able to 
breach the mech's hull. Just take care of them and make sure they don't."

******

"YES!" Cristie exclaimed, slamming her fist on the console.

"What is it?" Amy asked.

"I've found the mech's weakness and where they can enter it," Cristie 
said.

"Sweetie, you're a genius!" Comet said kissing Cristie on the cheek.

She smiled. "Thank you. I'm transferring the information now."

******

"So, you got it, guys?" Cristie asked over the air-born Freedom Fighter's 
communication devices.

"Yep," Sonic said. "We got it. Thanks. Sonic out." He then turned in 
mid-air. "Okay, we enter through the mech's arm cannon."

"And how exactly are we supposed to do that?" Tails asked.

Sonic's right fist flared with energy. "I've got an idea."


Chapter 4

Sonic flew at top speed toward the mech with Sally and Knuckles on 
either side and Sally holding Tails by his hands. "Okay, guys," Sonic 
said, "Here we go. I go Inferno as soon as they start charging the 
cannon. Next, Knux you start charging the avalanche. Sal, as we're 
pushing back the energy, you rocket Tails up into that thing."

"Got it," Sally said."Let's do it."

Sonic could sense the cannon charging and ready to fire. "Okay, let's go! 
Inferno, load and charge!"

"My turn," Knuckles said, "Avalanche, load and charge!"

The two armored Mobians then flew up to the barrel of the gigantic 
cannon. "Dang," Sonic remarked, seeing the energy building up in the 
back of it, "That thing looks mean." Suddenly, the energy shot out and 
towards them. "FIRE!" They two shot blasts of red and green energy at full 
force. These moves would normally be done with actual fire and rock, but 
when needed, they could be transferred to pure energy. The blasts slowly 
started to push the energy back. "Sally, GO! NOW!"

"On it, Sonic," she said, flying up with Tails into the cannon's shaft, 
{{Be careful honey,}} she thought.

{{I will,}} she suddenly heard back.

{{WHAT THE?!??}} they both shouted mentally.

{{Well,}} Sally thought, {{Guess that's what the Knowing One was talking 
about, huh?}} At that moment, she found what she was looking for, a very 
small area that wasen't quite big enough to fit through, but: "Plasma 
blast!" she called, blasting the area with energy.

******

In the cannon's control room, the two echidnas stationed there noticed 
something wrong. "Ah, man," the first one said. "Something's wrong with the 
cannon. Better shut it down."

"Right," the second one said, typing in the proper commands. "There." 
Suddenly the wall caved in and they looked up to see Sally in her armor 
with Tails next to them. She immediately hit them with plasma blasts that 
threw them up against the wall, knocking them out cold.

"Find it, Tails?" Sally asked.

Tails nodded. "Got it, Sally. C'mon."

******

The two quickly made their way to the core of the mech, finding 
(amazingly) very little interference. Most people were handling the job 
of controlling the machine. They went through a door to find themselves on 
a walkway that went along the wall around a gigantic chamber. The engine 
(so to speak) of the machine filled up almost all of the chamber and was 
working overtime. In the middle they could see a glowing orange 
gem."Tails," Sally said, "is that...?"

"Yep," Tails answered. "I'm goin' for it. Cover me."

"You got it," she said as he flew off.

Tails made his way to the middle. "Man, this is easy," he remarked. As in 
answer to that, four over-sized Legion-Robots dropped down in front of 
him. "Oops. Spoke too soon."

They all shot at him at once. Tails ducked down and then flew up and to 
the left. The four 'bots followed him. Tails noticed that the shots that 
had missed him had not struck the engine. <<They're crackshots,>> the fox 
thought to himself. <<Maybe.....>> He flew downwards, spiraling. He met 
two 'bots in front of him, not to mention two trailing behing him. Tails 
grinned and ducked as they all fired at him. Instead of hitting him 
though, they hit each other, destroying each other.

Tails chuckled a bit."What idiots." He then flew over to the Wind 
Emerals and pulled it out. He removed his de-powered Cyber Emerald. 
"Okay, Cyber Emerald activate!" He brought the two emeralds together and 
they crackled with energy. The energy went up and around him, engulfing 
him. Then, in a bright flash of light, his orange, black, and green 
Cyber Armor was on him. In place of the glowing red eyes, he had a red 
visor, like on his old armor.

Tails flew over to Sally. "You've got it!" she exclaimed.

"Yeah," he said. "Now let's go make life hard for Zartox." Sally nodded 
and they rocketed up and through the chamber's ceiling.

******

Zartox slammed his fist down on the computer console in anger. "THEY 
KNOCKED OUT THE CANNON?!???!!??"

His second-in-command shuddered. "Yes-yes, sir. And the real Dark Legion 
has showed up and has taken out all our forces."

Suddenly, the armored Tails and Sally sprang up from the floor. "Hold it 
right there, punk!" the fox exclaimed.

Zartox drew his sword and charged at Tails. Tails threw a wind gust at 
him that threw him up against a console and knocked him out cold. Sally 
easily took care of the others. "Hey, Sally," Tails said. "Do you think 
Nicole could..."

Sally whipped out Nicole, answering his question. "Nicole," she said 
placing the small computer on the console, "can you set this thing so 
it'll land safely in the desert?"

"ACCESSING NOW, SALLY," the computer said. "COURSE SET, SALLY.
NOW LET'S- HOW DO YOU SAY?- BLOW THIS JOINT."

Sally let out a small laugh. "Good idea. C'mon, Tails." And with that, the 
two rocketed out, crashing through the wall.


Epilogue

"Well," Geoffrey said, "all of the 'Pseudo Legion' was picked up by MST. 
Kragok and the other Dark Legionaires left soon after it was over."

Sonic, Sally, and Geoffrey were the only ones in the war room at the 
moment. "And were there any injuries?" Sally asked.

"Not many," the skunk said. "Just a few. Nothing serious."

Sonic breathed a sigh of relief. "Good." He turned towards his 
wife. "Well, we missed dinner. Breakfast?" He extended his arm toward 
her.

She took his arm. "I'd love to."

******
Mobotropolis Hospital

Mandy walked into Speed's room with a cup of coffee in her hand. She sat 
down next to his bed. "Why won't you wake up?" she asked. "I've known you 
for so long, but before you were hurt, I never knew how much you 
actually meant to me... I love you." Those last three words were barely 
audible, but it was heard by one person.

"Really?" she heard someone say. She tilted her head up to see Speed 
wide awake.

"Speed!" she exclaimed, then realizing what he just said, blushed. "Um, 
did you hear me..."

Speed put his hand on hers and nodded. "Yeah," he said, "but there's no 
reason to be embarrassed. I feel the same way. I love you too, Mandy." She 
threw her arms around him, making him yelp in pain. "Careful there, I'm 
still a little bruised."

She pulled away slightly. "Sorry. But how long have you been awake?"

"About an hour, but you were eating breakfast."

She smiled wryly. "And you sat here and let me spill my guts?"

He smiled also and pulled her closer, kissing her softly on the mouth.

******

Deep in space, a ship advances on its next victim.

To be continued......

Next: Amy takes the spotlight in "Emerald Quest Part 4-Lost Love."

Stats:
Name: Princess Crystal Julaya Acorn
Age: 17
Fur Color: Brown
Hair color: Red

Coming Soon:

Cyber Sonic #5: Emerald Quest Part 4-Lost Love

Sonic The Hedgehog Saga #2: Firebird

Knuckles Saga #1

Remember, I need feedback! Thanks for readin'!
Duo P.