				Wizards               part 1

	It was the dawn of a new day and the sun beamed down on a cloaked figure running 
through the Great Forest.
	
	"Catch Chaos,"  yelled the leader of the Swatbots that were chasing him.
	  
        "Never in a million years," yelled Chaos. When he looked back to see how close they 
were he tumbled down a small cliff and fell into a large group of bushes.
	    
        "No way he could have survived that fall," said the Swatbot leader, obviously unable
to see that he landed in bushes. "Back to Robotropolis."

        Meanwhile at Knothole, Sonic the Hedgehog was just leaving for scouting duty.
	             
        "Sonic, there was heavy Swatbot activity near the cliff. I'd like you to check 
things out. Be careful." 
	          
        "Sure, Sal, see ya." And he sped off as fast as he could.
	    
        Before Sonic reached the cliff, Chaos had gotten up.
	      
        "Lucky thing those bushes broke my fall." Then he felt a sharp pain in his arm and 
realized it was broken. He got up and walked over to where his staff lay on the ground. He 
picked it up and looked at the red emerald that was put into the top. He gazed to the top of
the cliff to make sure no Swatbots were still around and suddenly fell unconscious.

        Sonic sped up to the cliff and looked around. His first thought was that there were 
no more Swatbots around. Then he noticed Chaos lying face down on the ground.

        "Aw, crap, they got another one," he said before he realized he was only unconscious.
He checked for any serious injuries and when he found none except his arm, he picked him up 
and sped off towards Knothole.

         When he got back he was met by Sally.
	        
         "Where were you? It's been almost an hour since you went out," she asked with a 
hint of concern in her voice.
	      
         "Relax, Sal. It's okay. There were no Swatbots there, but I did find him." He 
showed Chaos to her, still unconscious.
	
         "Who is he, Sonic?" she asked after she looked at Chaos.
	        
         "Beats me. He was unconscious when I found him."
	        
         "Don't you know he could be a spy from Robotropolis?!"
	              
         "'Fraid not, Sal. With those laser burns, it looks like he was hit by Swatbot lasers."
	 
         "Then we'd better get him to the doctor!"

         Choas woke up in a bed with his arm in a sling and Sonic and Sally standing around him.
	 
         "Where am I?"
	        
         "You're in Knothole village. I'm Princess Sally Acorn and this is Sonic Hedgehog."

	 "I'm Chaos. Am I really in Knothole?"
 	          
         "Yes, Sonic found you asleep in the forest and brought you here. Do you remember anything?"
	                  
         "I remember being chased by Swatbots and falling down a cliff. Luckily some bushes
broke my fall, but I did break my arm. Then I fell unconscious and then I woke up here."
	        
         "Told you he wasn't a spy, Sal."
	                                                                                  
         "Okay, I'm sorry, Sonic. Chaos, who are you?" 
 
         Chaos removed his hood to reveal the face of a green hedgehog.
	        
         "Well, all I know is that my name is Chaos. I never had any parents and have no 
living relatives that I know of."
	                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      "He looks just like you, Sonic!"
	 "Freaky, isn't it?"
	    
	 "So how long until my arm is healed?" Chaos asked.
	 
	 "About three weeks," Sally replied.
            
         "Too long. I have a faster way," he said climbing out of the bed he was in.
	              
	 "What do you mean?" asked Sonic.
	 
	 "I'll show you," he said picking up his staff. The instant he held the staff up, 
the emerald at the top started to glow. The glowing increased until a bright flash filled 
the room causing Sonic and Sally to close their eyes. When they opened them again they saw 
Chaos standing in front of them smiling, testing his healed arm to make sure it worked 
right.
	                
	"How did you do that?" Sally asked while Sonic just stared in disbelief.
	  
	"Well, I guess I have to tell you since you've seen it. I'm a wizard. In fact, one 
of the most powerful wizards on the planet Mobius."
	
	"Cool. I'm glad you're on our side cause the only other wizard we've known was the 
evil wizard Ixis Naugus. Luckily he's gone for good," said Sonic.
	
	"No, he's not."
	
	"What do you mean no he's not? Me and Tails got rid of him two years ago."
	
	"Then why did he zap Robotnik into the zone of silence and take over Robotropolis?"
	
	"I think you're lying."
	
	"If you think I would lie about something that lost me the most important person in 
my life, you're crazy." 

        Sonic didn't have a comeback for that.
	  
        "What do you mean, Chaos?" asked Sally.
	       
        "Well, I never knew who my parents were 'cause when I was a baby I was left in the 
forest all alone. One day a female hedgehog named Anna came upon me and took me in. I came 
to know her as Aunt Anna. When I was seven, she realized I was different than most other 
kids, so she invited the wizard named Ixis in to find out what was wrong. He looked me over 
and told Anna that I had a very rare talent for my species. I possessed the gift of magic so
he took it in his mind to teach me how to use this talent. After he taught me everything he 
knew he tried to turn me over to evil but I caught onto his plans so one night while he 
slept me and Anna packed up and left the house. When we were far enough away we stopped to 
rest and Anna gave me a red emerald that gave me better magic abilities. When Ixis woke up 
and found us gone, he was enraged and set off to find us. We ran as long as we could but 
Ixis caught up to us. When I tried to stop him, he knocked me unconscious. When I woke up I 
checked to see if Aunt Anna was okay. I looked over and saw her lying on the ground face 
down. I walked over to her and saw that she wasn't breathing. I tried everything Ixis taught
me but I just wasn't strong enough. I gave her a proper grave and set off after Ixis. By the
time I managed to find him I was 18 and he had taken over Robotropolis. When he learned I 
was in Robotropolis he sent 100 Swatbots after me. I was able to destroy 50, but more came 
to replace the others. There were too many so I had to run. They chased me for three months.
Then Sonic found me."
	    
	 "I'm sorry," said Sally trying to comfort him.
	                     
         "You know this emerald in your staff, Chaos?"
	      
	 "Ya," he said returning to his normal happy mood.
	       
	 "It looks very familiar."
	 
	 "It should. I think it's called a chaos emerald."
	
	 "You have a chaos emerald!"
	
	 "Uh, yes."
	
	 "How did you manage to control its power?"
	
	 "I don't know, I just do."  
	 
	 "You should really talk to a friend of ours."
	
	 "Who?"
	
	 "Knuckles the Echidna."
	
	 "Who's he?"
	
	 "He's the Guardian of the Chaos Emeralds."
	
	 "Okay, where is he?"
	
	 "He lives on the Floating Island."
	
	 "I'll need someone to go with me for directions."
	
	 "I'll go with you."
	
	 "Thanks, Sonic, but..."
	
	 "But what?"
	
	 "Before we go, I have to do one more thing."
	
	 "What?"
	        
	 "Eat. I haven't eaten in three months. Who wants chili dogs?" And with that he 
zapped up a plate covered with Chili Dogs. Sally couldn't help but smile to herself when she
saw Chaos and Sonic stuff dog after dog into their faces.

         After they were done eating, Sonic took Chaos to the plane.
	 
	 "Hope you like long flights 'cause this one's going to be two hours."
	
	 "I know how to get there in two minutes."
	 
	 "How?"
	       
	 "Get on my back." Sonic did, and Chaos used his magic to fly up and towards the 
Floating Island. With Sonic giving directions, they landed on the island in two minutes.
	
	 "Okay, we're on the island. Where is this friend of yours?"  
	
	 "Right there," he said pointing to a red figure running up to them.
	
	 "What are you doing on my island?" he asked when he was close enough.
	
	 "Relax, Knux, we just stopped by to ask a few questions and then we'll be on our way."
	
	"Well forget it. I'm not answering anything. Who's he?" asked Knuckles pointing at Chaos.
	
	"He's Chaos and he has something that will make you answer our questions. Show him."
With that, Chaos showed Knuckles the emerald in his staff.
	
	"How did you get a Chaos emerald?" 

        So Chaos told Knuckles the story of how he got the emerald.
	
	"So, Knux, how could Chaos control its power?"
	
	"Well, Sonic, all I can think of is that since your friend here is a being of such 
power that the Chaos emerald just accepts him of being a worthy caretaker and knows that he 
will not use its power for evil."
	
	"So you're telling me the Chaos emerald accepts Chaos as its guardian?"
	
	"Yep."
	
	"Cool. Well thanks for the help, Knux. Ready to go, Sonic?" After Sonic climbed on 
his back Chaos shot off towards Knothole.
	
	"It's about time a smart hedgehog came around," Knuckles said to himself as he 
realized that a hedgehog had just become a guardian of a Chaos emerald.

	Back at Knothole, Sally had been looking for any useful information on Chaos when 
she found a remarkable discovery.
	
	"I don't believe it," she exclaimed.
	
	"Don't believe what, Sally girl?" asked Bunnie Rabbot who was sitting across the 
room from her.
	
	"Well I was trying to find information on Chaos..."
	
	"That cute green hedgehog I saw with Sonic?"
	
	"Yes that's him. It turns out he does have a living relative; two in fact."
	   
	"Ya, who?"
	
	"Well he has a twin brother and an uncle."
 
        "Go on."
 	 
	"It turns out his brother is Sonic."
	     
	"You sure?" she asked in disbelief.                                                                                                                                                                                                 
	            
	"Positive. Nicole, project hologram." Instantly a six inch hologram of a hedgehog 
family came up showing three adults and two babies in their mother's arms. "See, this is 
their parents and Uncle Chuck." She pointed each one out with her finger, "And this is Sonic
and Chaos." She pointed to the two babies.
	    
	"They were so cute as babies, weren't they, Sal?"
	    
	"Yes, adorable. We'd better tell them when they get back."                                                                       	
          
	At that moment, Sonic and Chaos were just arriving back from their trip to be 
greeted by Sally and Bunnie.
	   
	"Hi, guys. Find what you were looking for?"
	      
	"Ya, it seems that this Chaos emerald accepts him as being its guardian."
	
	"Chaos," Sally said trying to get this by easily, "we were doing some research and 
it turns out you have a brother."
	
	"Who is he?" he asked, showing a great sign of enthusiasm.
	
	"You're standing next to him."

        Both hedgehogs were speechless for a minute. Then Sonic broke the silence.
	  
	"You're kidding, right?"
	  
	"No, Sonic. Chaos is your brother. In fact, he's your twin brother."
	
	"Man, this is way too much excitement for one day. First I fall down a cliff to be 
taken off to Knothole, then fly to the Floating Island to meet an expert on Chaos emeralds, 
then when I return I find out I have I twin brother. If nobody minds, I'm going to bed. But 
first, do you know where I can stay?"
	
	"There's an extra bed in my hut."
	
	"Thanks, Sonic." And with that he left.
	  
	"Hey, Sal?"
	  
	"Yes, Sonic?"
	 
	"If I have a twin brother, does that mean I'm twice as good?"
	  
	"Whatever, Sonic. Now I'm going to bed."
	               
	Sonic laughed to himself as he walked back to his hut.
            
	The next morning Chaos awoke to someone knocking at the door of the hut. He got up, 
got dressed, and opened it to reveal Sally.
	
	"What are you doing here, Princess?"
	
	"It's time for your first mission, Chaos."
	
	"Mission?"
	
	"Ya. If you're going to be a Freedom Fighter you have to complete a mission."
	
	"Okay, what's the mission?"
	 
	"You and Sonic will sneak into Robotropolis to try to learn Ixis' plans and return 
back home."
	
	"That's almost suicide!"
	
	"Not with Sonic's super speed."
	
	"No, I should go alone."
	
	"What?"
	
	"It's to dangerous. I can't risk Sonic."
	
	"But..."
	
	"No buts. I can match Ixis' magic but Sonic would be a vulnerable target."
	
	"Well, okay, but I don't know how I'm going to convince Sonic."
	
	"Hey, I'm sure he'll listen to you."
	
	"Well, get prepared to leave after breakfast."
	
	"Right."
	
        After breakfast, Chaos set off towards Robotropolis without Sonic. With his magic, 
he reached the city edge in one minute. He crept into the former palace (now Ixis' 
headquarters) and hid behind a big pile of scrap metal to avoid being seen by the Swatbots 
when a familiar voice behind him said, "So what we do now, bro?"
	  
	"Sonic?! You're supposed to be back at Knothole!"
	
	"Aw, come on. You think I'm going to miss the chance to beat Ixis up?"
	
	"Does Sally know you're here?"
	
	"Ya. She and the others are here somewhere."
	
	"You brought them along too?"
	
	"Yep. Once they heard what you did they all wanted to come along."
	
	"Where are they?"
	
	"Don't know. They said they'd hook up with us later."
	
	"Okay, let's get inside." When they were sure no bots were around, they ran inside.
	   
	"Hedgehog, priority one." 

        They spun around to meet about 75 Swatbots pointing their lasers at them.
	   
	"Aw, crap. Looks like we're in a jam, Sonic."
	   
	"Not yet. I'll take the lucky Swatbots over here and you take over there," he said 
pulling out a power ring and buzzsawed his way through Swatbot after Swatbot. Meanwhile 
Chaos just stopped all laser beams that the Swatbots fired and waiting until he had enough 
blasts, he used his magic to send all the blasts back to the original Swatbots who fired it.
In about two minutes, all the Swatbots were destroyed and lying in rubble on the ground. 
That's when Sally and the rest came around the corner.
	
	"We heard laser fire and thought you might need help."
	
	"It looks as if they already got things under control, Aunt Sally," Tails said.
	
	"You got that right, sugar," said Bunnie as she looked over the wreckage Sonic and
Chaos caused. Suddenly they were all in a large room facing none other than Ixis Naugus.
	
	"Ixis! But you're dead!"
	
	"So you thought, you furry two tailed freak! After you and Sonic defeated me two 
years ago I studied magic hard and when  I was powerful enough I came here and zapped 
Robotnik into the same zone of silence I zapped King Acorn into years ago."
	
	"Two tailed freak?! Why you....."
	
	"HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!! You really think any of you stand a chance against me, you puny
Mobians? HA!"
	
	"Maybe they don't, but I do," said Chaos as he stepped away from the shadows so Ixis
could see him.
	  
	"You!" he screamed in rage, "Those stupid Swatbots may not have gotten rid of you 
but I will not make those mistakes." Instantly a large glass wall slid in to close Chaos, 
Sonic, and Ixis away from the rest of the Freedom Fighters.

        Sally's main thoughts were centered on helping Sonic and Chaos.
	    
	"Bunnie, see if you can break through the glass!"

        Bunnie held up all her strength and hit the glass so hard it shook the room, but the
glass stayed.

        Meanwhile Sonic and Chaos were attempting to avoid being killed by the random shots 
of energy Ixis fired. Chaos was able to duck under one, but Sonic wasn't as lucky and was 
hit square in the chest and knocked back into the glass. Chaos ran over to his brother.
	  
	"Sonic!" Chaos could hear Sally's cries through the glass.
	
	"HAHA!! That's what you get for messing with me!" Suddenly, Chaos stared right at 
Ixis. His eyes were a dark red.
	
	"Uh oh. I know that look."
	
	"You messed with my brother, you killed my aunt! Big mistake! I am going to pound 
your face in so hard you'll be sipping soup through a straw for a year, and that's if you're
lucky!" By this time, he was right in front of Ixis, his eyes were the color of blood and
his body was glowing a bright green. "You die tonight, you rotting pile of filth!" And with 
those last words, he shot an energy blast so huge it caused everybody within five miles to 
shut their eyes for fear of blindness.

	Tails had been watching Chaos walk up to Ixis. He couldn't hear what he was saying 
but it sure made him scared.
	
	"Don't cry, Aunt Sally, everything will be all right. See?"
	  
	"Huh?" She looked up in time to see Chaos fire the energy blast and then had to 
close her eyes from the bright flash.
 
        When the dust settled, Sally finally had the courage to open her eyes. What she saw 
made her gasp. The blast Chaos had fired had blown the back wall right off the building. She
looked around to make sure everybody was okay when she saw Sonic had been blown back into a 
wall. She ran over to him fearing for his life. She checked his body and found out that he 
had two broken legs and a broken arm but he would live. She felt very relieved. Then she saw
Chaos in the center of the room laying on the ground. She walked over and helped him up.
	
	"Thanks."
	
	"No problem. So what did you do to him?"
	
	"Well, I thought since he loved sending people into the zone of silence he might 
enjoy a little trip himself."
	
	"You sent him into the zone of silence?"
	
	"Yes. He won't bother anyone anymore." As if on cue, a giant portal opened and 
swallowed all of the Freedom Fighters. Suddenly they were in a strange place like nothing 
they had seen before.
	
	"He won't be bothering anyone anymore. I believe those were your exact words."
	
	"Okay, so I was wrong, Sally. So sue me."
	
	"Where are we?" asked Tails.
	
	"YOU ARE IN THE ZONE OF SILENCE, YOU STUPID LITTLE FURBALL!"
	
	"How did we get here?"
	
	"I think a better question is how do we get out?"
	
	"That's a question I don't know the answer to, Sal!"
					
					

						
							TO BE CONTINUED.    

