THE ROLE OF THE FEMALE

Note:  If any of you read my first huge editorial at Sonic Foundation, 
you'll remember me mentioning this subject.

I'm no female activist, but females don't play very big parts in Sonic
and Knuckles' comics, other than to be a flusey.  I thought Julie-Su would
be an exception, but I'm not quite as sure now.  Her independence has made
her an individual and "one of the guys" and that's a big reason why there are
times that she is even more popular than Sally.  Certainly the role of a
hero's girlfriend is to be saved endless times and offer him emotional
guidance. But we all know that Sally, Julie-Su, Bunnie and even Amy Rose have
distinct personalities, and could easily be the main character instead of the 
stereotypical female of the story.  Now we have the SSS#11 coming out
which is a much needed excuse to give the females the spotlight.  I'm really 
looking forward to it, don't get me wrong, but this could have been
done in the regular series.  Here are some main points:

THE FEMALE IN DISTRESS

Gotta love this concept, and that is what makes the hero the hero, but
we all know Sally, Julie-Su, and the others enough that we know they can
take care of themselves.

THE OWNED TRADEMARKS
Even though all the characters are owned by Sega, they still prefer to 
concentrate on those that are in their games.  (Face it.  The comics
are and always will be an advertisements for Sega's games.)  Since there are
few game females, almost all stories concentrate on the guys.  But if
that's true, why don't they give Amy Rose the spotlight once in a while?  I
would like to see her develop in the comic books as an important character.

MALE SUPERIORITY
This concept is a bunch of crock, but  you still don't see females do
much in the comics.   Sega wouldn't like much if Sally or Julie-Su could
beat their boyfriends.  That's the way the world works.  I mean, when will
we ever see Sally going to save Sonic or Julie-Su going to save Knuckles? 
Probably when, you know what, freezes over. I'm not saying the females haven't 
had their solo stories.  Sally is the only one I know of that really has, 
though.  (The unsuccessful Princess Sally Mini-Series.)  And yes, Sonic 
and Knuckles are the stars of the comic, and they should have the spotlight. 
But they can all step down and take a break, giving the spotlight to the 
females once in a while!

Holli the Genet
GENET