                         Of Virtue and Vice


     A long time ago, I saw some article, probably by R, on how the
Mobian government worked. It said something about a beneficial monarchy
where the King/Queen served the planet, and the Mobians, in turn served
the King/Queen. According to this article, because Mobians do not have
it in their natures to conquer and destroy, like humans, the House of
Acorn was able to rule peacefully and prosperously for many centuries. 

     Well, looking back at this, I just realized that this doesn't
exactly work. In order for that system to work, the Mobians must have
overidden the selfish tendencies of human nature somehow, or never had
them in the first place. It seems that evolution must have split into
two branches; the evil Overlanders, inheriting all the vices of human
nature, and the Mobians, who inherited all the virtues. Or maybe not;
it's just a speculation on my part.
     
     Nonetheless, it's safe to say that Overlanders were born to be
greedy power-control freaks, while Mobians by nature are peaceful and
rational. Right? 

     But wait a second! In order for the Mobians to have over-ridden
human ambition, they would have also gotten rid of traits like greed,
jealousy, vanity, arrogance, and other vices that sow the seeds of
ambition in the first place. So, if Mobians are not power hungry by
nature, then they also must not be greedy, jealous, vain, or arrogant,
right? Well, if we look at St. John, Sonic and Antoine, we can see that
these traits are still there.... 

     You can look at any other FF too. Sally is paranoid, Rotor is a
push-over, Tails is gullible... you get the point. All the FFs have very
human weaknesses that, under the right circumstances, could turn them
into the next Robotniks. Yet, somehow, these weaknesses are also the
strengths of the FFs. Sally's paranoia is very important in that she
knows the risks of a mission very well and has probably saved many lives
by not underestimating the enemy, Rotor doesn't let arrogance blind an
important decision, Tails is extremely loyal in good times and bad, and
Sonic's ego has probably saved the FFs in many close calls because he
had the confidence to take a risk. In this way, the strengths of the
Freedom Fighters are also their weaknesses and their weaknesses are
their strengths. 

     Suppose Sally wasn't paranoid, Rotor was more assertive, Sonic was
modest, Tails took an objective look at a mission before he jumped in,
Antoine decide to keep out of Sally and Sonic's business and Geoffrey
acted decently. Face it, nobody would read the comics if that happened.
I don't suppose any of the FFs would have much of a personality or a
fighting chance if they did everything all the time for what was good
for Mobius without personal gain. I doubt that Mobians are by nature
more or less human than humans. A Mobian or Overlander will always have
human nature, but it is not his species or society that determines
whether his traits are faults or strengths. He alone will decide whether
to put them to great accomplishments or great evils. Heroes are made,
not born.


     -My $0.02, 

     Stormtrooper 87
