                 Sonic Underground a Prequel Series?
                            by Vector


Just when I thought Sonic Underground couldn't sound more ominous, I 
read on the news page that it's supposed to be a prequel to the games, 
SatAM, and comics. UGH. It would have been better just to make it a 
new continuity. So that almost certainly means no Tails or anyone else,
and we can forget about any Sonic Adventure elements getting in. Just 
Sonic & siblings avoiding some morphing cyborgs and playing rock music.

This is the worst possible way to make the series' universe, because 
it won't satisfy anyone. They could have made it like SatAM (or a 
continuation), or they could have made it like the games. However, I'm 
getting the idea that there is some decision-maker at DiC who is 
determined to never make any Sonic cartoon that is even loosely based 
on any previous Sonic continuity, except in name.

SHERIFF Robotnik? Sheesh. Queen Aleena? Not only does her name sound 
ugly, but doesn't that make Sonic the prince? How can this be a SatAM 
prequel then? He obviously doesn't have a sister named Sally, and in 
SatAM they didn't exactly seem like siblings!

They're going to have an original song every episode, huh? My ears 
ache with the memory of DiC's previous Sonic song, the one in the 
AoSTH episode with the pop singer (voiced by possibly the worst singing
voice I have ever heard) who screeched out "Sawneec the Hehhhdgehawg, 
you can't catch what you can't see..."

*shudders*

And how could SEGA even consider making a game out of this? That would 
basically make the whole #$%&@ thing official! Why not use Rotor or 
Sally or Bunnie in a game back when SatAM was out, instead of (sheesh) 
Sonia and Manic, the painfully predictable siblings? Since SoA put 
Mobius and Princess Sally in the Sonic CD instruction booklet, I can 
just see them translating the storyline of Sonic Adventure to make it 
fit Underground.

*shudders even harder and starts to feel ill*

We can only hope that Sonic Underground's prequel status won't result 
in changes to the other versions of Sonic.

What is encouraging about this series is that the animation could be 
very good. I guess there's also the rumor that they've already written 
40 episodes. That's a good sign for their writing, I guess.

So the issue may not be its quality, but simply its adherence to 
anything having to do with Sonic. That was sort of what I thought 
about SatAM: "Well it's okay, but it doesn't have very much in common 
with Sonic!"  However, SatAM at least had Tails and was exciting.  
This new show doesn't even seem to have anything to do with Sonic, and 
the concept doesn't sound interesting at all.  Now, instead of just 
SEGASonic getting ignored, they're ignoring the fans of SEGASonic, 
Archie, and SatAM.

