An opinion about this Sonic+Sally thing

                                By Tim Berntsen

    Hmm. Well, let’s think. Some of you have decided in your hearts that Sega 
is the enemy. Why, might us SegaSonic fans ask? Because Sega holds the leash 
on Archie’s neck, keeping them from doing certain "things" that Sega fans don’t 
want. Sega hardly gives a rat about what Archie comic fans want. You see, Sega 
wants to keep their costumers happy, and are not really that concerned about what
Comic buyers want. Okay, now lets see. Sega wont let Archie have Sonic expressing 
his emotions with Sally anymore, because he’s their mascot. Now, about the flash 
forward in the "In you face special", you see, Sega may not have fully understood 
what Archie had in mind. They just see an Insectivore and a Rodent wearing shiny 
hats. What harm could it bring? A lot more then they thought. Now, Endgame.
Sally goes into a coma (assumed dead) and Sega liked it that way, because Sally 
would be put out of the way, and Sonic wouldn’t have a Rodent drooling over him. 
But, the (Archie) fans, who thought Sally should be Sonic’s gal, demanded that 
she stayed. The even put up about a dozen "Save our Sally" websites. Now, the 
Archie fans were peeved off about Sally’s assumed death, and then in the end, she
revived, and they killed Dr. Eggman instead. Now, the Archie fans are more then 
happy, but they don’t care about the Doc’s death. Now, let’s think about this. 
Sega wanted to kill Archie’s character, but the Archie fans complained and got 
their way. But Archie wanted to kill Sega’s character, and they did.
And now the Sega fans complain and don’t get their way. And now, Eggman’s coming 
back as a computer, and is not the same as was before. (Oh well, he wasn’t much 
like the Sega Eggman anyway, with his robot arm and all.)

 

    Okay, now you see my point of view. Now back to In your Face. Okay, now, what 
started as a small "joke" has become a phenominum. Now, let’s say you had this 
little masterpiece of a character, and he just so happened to make you famous. 
Then, some geek named Ben Hurst comes and sabotages his story, gives him a dumb 
girlfriend, and cuts out his "real" friends. How would you feel? That’s just
what happened to Yuji Naka, with Sonic. You’d hate to think about it, but it’s 
Archie and DiC who are the saboteurs. Now, Spaz, probably one of the only good artist 
at Archie, just so happened to draw a poster for a SatAM fan, and it depicted Sonic 
and Sally getting married. Now, I was already mad when I saw this pic, but seeing 
such a crummy looking pic from Spaz, that stank. Also, I didn’t like what he
did to Amy’s image in that pic. He made her be crying out of pure jelousness. Now, 
also, about Amy. Despite popular claim, she’s not too young for Sonic. She is 14, 
and Sonic’s 16. Now if Bunnie’s 14, and is not too young for the 18 year old Antoine, 
I don’t see how Amy could be too young for Sonic. But Sonic’s not much of a flirt, 
so he’s not quit ready to settle down with a girl yet. But in SatAM he’s a stuck up, 
immature brat, and is always drooling over Sal’s shoulder. He is really a strong 
willed, mature leader. Now, Sonic is also too young to get married to anyone. In 
the U.S., it is extremely rare for a 18 year old to marry. Now, the average person 
marries at 22 or so. Have I put you to sleep yet? 

Okay I’ll go. Good-bye.