Sonic + Sally: a few thoughts from the opposing side.

By Holli the Genet

Before I start off, I'd like to say that in my editorial, "The Real Bad
Guys", despite what you think, I was not saying Sega was the enemy.  It
was merely a figure of speech, so I could express what I meant about Sega 
holding Sonic back in the comic.  Sega did create Sonic right, so how
could I hate them?  Also I  enjoyed Tim's editorial very much.  Everyone is 
entitled to their opinion.  He had some very good points.  Besides, we
all know that Sonic was a video game character in the first place, not a
cartoon or comic book character.  Think about that.

Now I would like to point out, that I truly believe Archie IS trying to
make the comic book more like the games now (Besides the fact Sega is
breathing down their neck, which I now don't think is so bad.  He is their
trademark, right?).  But there is no reason why non-game characters can not play 
important roles.  Sally is very mature and has been there for Sonic.  
According to the comic, they both care for each other dearly.  Sonic is

different in the comic than the cartoon, and I think he is more mature
in the comic.  Since we have our very handsome hedgehog here, of course
he'd have admirers.  For instance, Sonic is Tails role model and idol.  What
do you think the girlfriends of singers and superstars go through?  They
have to put up with drooling female fans.  Now, I don't think that Amy is a 
drooling female fan, but I do think Amy is a huge admirer.  And just
like those girlfriends of superstars, Sally has people who don't like her
for what she's got; Sonic!  I know Amy is more mature in the new game, but
Sally always has been.  And if Amy is mature, she WILL respect their
relationship. 
  
Besides Sally was around first, before Amy appeared.  If she had been
there in the first place, I wouldn't be typing this ed. Sonic needed a
girlfriend, and couldn't wait for Amy to be dreamed up. Just like in 
Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog, even there he had a love, Breezie the
robotic hedgehog.  He needed one in the SatAM series too, right? 
Besides, we didn't want to think our favorite blue blur didn't have luck with 
women...or is otherwise something else....

I realize seeing Sonic and Sally together is what I'm used to, and
that's why I like it.  But that's also true for the game fans, who are used to
Sonic by himself, or with Amy.  I prefer Sally, and you should be glad
Amy is in the comic.  I don't want her with Sonic, not because she's too
young or some other cheap excuse.  I'm not saying Amy couldn't be Sonic's 
girlfriend and/or take Sally's place (if Sally had died in Endgame as 
originally planned, realistically Sonic would have been crush, and Amy
would be his new girlfriend more than likely), but I'm too attached to Sally.
 
Maybe if Sally was in a game, or given a special ability besides her
brains and acrobats, you game guys would like her.  Besides if you read the
comic, you would like her (unless you already read the comic and still won't
think otherwise, or don't like the latest writings).  All it comes down to is
that you want the comics to be more like the games, and of course you want
Amy as Sonic's girlfriend then.  Or you just don't want to change your mind on
this.  Other than a couple jerks who just like an argument, I can't
think why you guys don't like Sally, and/or Sonic and Sally as a couple.  I 
thought all these characters were owned by Sega, right?  It all comes
down to what introduced you to Sonic first; games, cartoons, or comics.  Of 
course your favorite will be more than likely the first of those three
you read, watched or played.  Either that, or it's just what your taste is.
 
Sega can't please all Sonic fans and neither can the comic.  They try,
but they can't succeed.  I'm just glad Sonic is still here running as he
always has!  I still say that Archie is trying to please all fans, not just
SatAM fans.  You got to remember only half of Sonic fans get the comic, so if
they can reach the other half of the fans by trying to please everyone,
they'll do it.  But remember:  "Everyone can't be happy with what they have. 
It's impossible to please everyone!"

Holli the Genet
GENET