The Real Bad Guys 

by

Holli the Genet


Everyone has had someone to blame for the demise of  the Sonic Comicsfrom 
Archie.SEGA, Archie, Ken Penders, etc.  But if you really, I mean really think
about it, we can allfigure out the bad guys from the good.

KEN PENDERS
One very cool dude.  He's been working at the comic since Sonic issue#13, 
and he hasproven himself a very gifted writer and artist and a Sonic comic
veteran.  There are many of us who would argue that it's his fault for 
many dumb plots and plot twists. Even though that may be true to a certain 
point, (no one's perfect)  I begto differ.  Sonic is doing very well, and 
Knuckles is very good, so he's doing somethingright.

ARCHIE COMICS
Archie was very thrilled I'm sure to make a comic about a very, verypopular 
video gamecharacter back in '93.  Who wouldn't be?  What I think is funny though
is that Archie Comics have always been domesticated.  Back then they were 
trying towrite their first Adventure comic ever (that they dubbed the Adventure Series). 
I guess it makes sensethat Archie did Sonic though.  I mean think about those big 
stuck-ups like Marvel and D.C.  I don't think they would have ever taken Sonic 
seriously like Archie did eventually. After all he was a short, very fast, blue 
hedgehog competing againstguys on steroids.Who then would have thought he'd make 
it this far in the comic industry?  Archie has almost always done Sonic justice, 
and I don't blame them for the comic's  problems at all.

Drum roll please...

...presenting now is the one true, real and very ultimate villian...

SEGA
Amazing isn't it?  A wonderful company that can make great games, and awonderful
hedgehog, but can still screw up the hedgehog's image.  SEGA has alwaysbeen 
therepulling that lovely legal choke chain around the necks of the writersand 
artists at Archie. GASP!  Isn't it true though?  All this time, the attempted 
death ofSally, the Naugus arc, and so many failed plots are the fault of SEGA. 
Penders did not want to kill Sally, SEGA did.  Boy were they surprised when 
the fans expressed their fandom of Sally and their hatred of this plot big 
time!  SEGA won't even let Sonic show emotion, because it is
uncool.  Well the guys out there that don't show their true emotionsare 
usually the biggest jerks out there.  And I for one do not think Sonic is a jerk. 
SEGA isn't bad.  It's just the American branch that is.  I heard that in Sonic's 
homeland, Japan, they actually listen to their fan and customers.  Wow!  The 
consumer here knows what they wanttoo, but SEGA of America is not doing any changes. 
The bad thing about this situation though is that the comic is doing it's best 
now, (which isn't bad at all) so SEGA thinks they are doing the right thing by 
bossing Archie around with their stupid "theycan  only do this" and emotion 
restrictions.  We're in a corner people.  The blame for the comic's demise 
isalso Sonic's creator, and who owns him as a trademark.
I would like to point out however that a lot of you do not like a lotof the 
plot twists. There were some really stupid ones, but right now I'd like to 
point outsome that weren'tnecessarily bad.

KNUCKLES' FATHER
Many of you consider Knuckles' father, Locke, one bone-headed jerk.  He was only doing
his duty as a guardian.  Now before you say I'm full of it, you have to
understand one thing:  that is the only thing Locke has ever known.  And that is thesame 
with Knuckles, that is why he has practically no social skills.  Hopefully Knuckles
will be different and learn how to be a person unlike his father and ancestors. Like the 
guardians said, he's always been different, in the sense he helps everyone, not
just echidnas.  I'm sure Locke is a very good person, but like a lot of males, like 
Knuckles, they don't show emotionsbecause they think it's weakness.

KING MAX
You shouldn't hate Ken Penders for his development of King Max.  Theplot of 
him notliking hedgehogs and roboticized Mobians and him telling Sally who to
marry just show him as a lot of monarchs are.  Even though we liked the SatAM version of 
him, this is the comic.  Besides with Robotnik gone (for the time being) lives will
resume, and other plots and in this case "villians" will have to develop.  King Max 
hasn't became a villian, he's just what sadly a lot of fathers are; controlling.  
Besides this plot makesit very realistic. Almost all royalty go through something 
similar in real life, and/or betronment, being an heir, and etc.  As much as we want 
the freedom fighters' families to be perfect, they won't be, just like any other 
family.  It just makes it more real and all tootrue.

SONIC AND TAILS AND THE NAUGUS ARC
I didn't necessarily like it, but when you think about it, they had tostop 
Naugus.  Besides Sonic was getting bored.  I realize SEGA wanted "their characters" 
tobe by  themselves,and they got what they wanted, but over all it showed 
Sonic and Tails bond and lust for adventure.  It is true that it did bring Nate 
Morgan (who is a so-so character and a replacement for Rotor) and was pretty well 
meaningless, because Ixis isjust back in thezone, which was pretty meaningless.
We have to face it. 

SEGA is the only thing holding Sonic back. SEGA isn't about to
listen to us, now are they?