"What does SEGA Really Feel About Archie"     

By: Chuckie Chipmunk

     	What do I feel against Sonic the Hedgehog and Princess Sally Acorn
together?  Well, after have seeing opionions of everyone DIEING to see
them married, and SEGA is only screwing with them, I had to quickly
write this all down before I forgot it.
     
	Well, first of all, SEGA is NOT screwing with Archie.  They only
want everyone to see thier mascot for what he is.  If you think about
it, Sally is NOT in ANY SEGA games ((And Spinball doesn't count)). 
Sonic is really the kind of guy who works alone, or with his sidekick,
Tails.  Sally seems to almost take the role of sidekick.  Tails, in the
eyes of SatAM, is only a small trainee, idolizing Sonic and acting VERY
cute.  Sally, much mature and older, ALWAYS goes with Sonic on
missions, telling Tails "You're too young."  Now in SEGASonic's world,
Sonic ALWAYS let Tails come along for a helping hand, and not only was
cute, but was smart and mechanical.  In SatAM, they had Sally be smart,
and Rotor mechanical, once again bumping Tails into the "only cute"
category.
     
	Another thing: People always compare Sonic and Sally's love with
the kind of love on Robotech and other anime, which gives them examples
why Sally and Sonic should be together.  Well compare this: What if
there was this girl named Sophia in Super Mario Bros. who was NEVER in
ANY games, always nagged Mario, those two showing emotions to each
other without knowing, Toad just cute, hardly ever gets to be with
Mario, and Princess Toadstool just there once in awhile.  And everyone
wants Sophia and Mario to get married.  Heh.. no one would agree with
me on that... many want Princess Toadstool with Mario, no argument.  
     
	There is also this Amy Rose and Tiara Booboobski situation.  Amy
is the only girl in SEGASonic, who does have a crush on Sonic, and
Tiara was suppose to be Sonic's canon girlfriend, if not for the
cancelation of Sonic X-Treme.  
     
	In theory, the people probably want Sally with Sonic because
they've grown on SatAM cartoon series ((seeing that no one liked
AoStH)) and Archie Comics.  They see the writers putting those two
together, so they get the idea that Sonic and Sally are a matchmade in
heaven.  No problem, actually, I just wanted to state what was going
on, and the reasons why SEGA go down Archie's back.
     
	I mean, I have this one comic character I created when I was only
7 ((I wont say who she is, for fear she'll be copied or stolen)).  She
has a whole backround and a love interest.  Now if any comic or cartoon
company used her, and gave her a new set of friends and a different
love interest, PLUS a different backround, I'd wanna make sure they
have my character right.  So I may have to cut back a few things. 
Imagine how SEGA feels...

~Chuckie Chipmunk      ^.^