              Sonic: The Major Comeback   By Zifei
          Will Sonic be able to return to his former glory?

	About four years ago, Sonic was at his height. He was 
dominating the game market. Featuring cartoons, comic books, 
clothing, food, and toys. What more could you ask for? Well, then,
the next logical step for the development of the Sonicverse didn't 
happen. Sega fell short in making a truly 3D, 32-bit Sonic game
for the Sega Saturn. Without it, the Sonicverse fell apart. Yeah, 
sure, Sonic's still got some comic books. But it's just not the same
anymore. Nowadays, people look at Sonic and say: "Sonic sucks, Mario
rocks, Man! You ever played Mario 64, the graphics...." You get the
point. 
	
	So, will Sonic ever return to his former fame? My answer is 
a big, sure, YES. Why? Well, let's see the reasons. Right now the 
Sonicverse comics are doing great, increasing in sales by 5-10%
every month. A new cartoon called "Sonic Underground" is in the 
makings by DiC. And the most important reason: Project Sonic. 
Project Sonic is a program the Sonic Team is doing to try to bring
Sonic back on top again. The project started with the games Sonic
Jam and Sonic R, more games will sure to follow.
	
	Another reason why I think Sonic will come back is SNS, or
Sega's Next System. Sega's next generation system will be a 128-bit
system with the power of a model 3 arcade system. To make easier for
people to understand, let's just say it can do 3-5 million polygons
per second comparing to N64's 150,000 polygons per second. the heads
of Sega have learned the mistake of not having a true Sonic game with
the Saturn, so they officially announced that a truly 3D Sonic game
is in development by the Sonic Team right now. To add to the hype, last
year at the Tokyo Game Show. Yuji Naka, the main programmer of the 
Sonic Team, was asked about the 3D world in Sonic Jam. He replied:
"You haven't seen nothin' yet!" Now, just imagine a truly 3D Sonic
going at mach 2 through a truly 3D world...it'll blow away the slow
Mario 64 for sure. In fact, it'll redefine 3D gaming.

	I predict that three years from now, Sonic would reclaim the
fame he used to have. He would have at least four new games, three 
comics, two new cartoons, and one BIG Internet community. Oh, and
don't forget a computer made Sonic movie. OK, the editorial above
is the best case scenario...but it is also the most likely scenario.

