          Snively: What Gives? -- Joya Nappo


  	As we all know, Snively is safely put away in 
Devil's Gulag in the comics.  Some Sonic fans even like 
this character, and some don't. Also, if you've read the 
Comic reviews, it said in issue #62 that he and a bunch 
of other Devil's Gulag prisioners are going to plan a
jailbreak.  And we learned in the seond season of the 
Sonic cartoon that Snively is Robotnik's nephew, and also 
he started to want control during that time, too, and 
started acting like that in the comics. Also, during
the ENDGAME saga, he turned that Ultimate Annihlator (sp?) 
on Robotnik so Snively could become the rightful evil ruler.
  	
	Also, during just before the ENDGAME saga, some 
people from the alt.fan.sonic-hedgehog newsgroup exactly 
thought that Snively was going to kill Sally, and also 
around that time, some even had a theory that Snively had 
Sally somewhere when she supposedly died.  
  
	One day I was browsing through Knuxcom's fanfic page, 
and I saw a story by Danny Wheeler, about Snively teaming up 
with Nack, I didn't even bother to read it.  When everyone on 
the Sonic newsgroup was doing a fun thing called, "Cross-Casting", 
(a thing where you get to make Sonic characters as characters 
from movies, cartoons, etc.)  a lot of people did their favorite 
movies, video games, cartoons, etc, and it seemed everyone 
crosscasted Snively as a really evil guy who gains control at 
the end, and some even CC'd Nack as I kind of assume someone
who defects to the good guys.  
  
	Also, in Ratfink's fanfics, Nack becomes a good guy 
while Snively becomes an eviler version of Robotnik.  Also 
in the Mobius Forum, everybody was doing crossovers, and 
some included Snively in them.
  
	Another thing, too, is that a friend of mine who's 
posting her 'fics on newsgroup Snively has huge parts in her 
stories.  Geez, if people like this character, next thing 
we'll know, he'll become a girl-crazed tough guy, a Boomhauer 
(From King of the Hill) type!
   
	I just don't get it.  Why do some people actually like 
this character?  What do they see in him that's so great?  Heck, 
one of my friends in the newsgroup did a poll about best good/bad 
guy, and all the highest votes for bad guy went to yours truly.  
I for one, don't like this character, I think he should've been 
on Sonic's side, he makes a lame bad guy.  I hope and pray that 
he doesn't show up in a future Sonic game or Sonic Underground!  
What people see in that skinny, puny, wimpy, weak minded Snively, 
I don't know.

Email:forza@concentric.net

