               Why Sonic Underground is going to do horrible.

Sonic Underground.  The new Sonic The Hedgehog Television Show that is due 
to come out very soon.  Fans, like myself, have been waiting for years for
another Sonic Television Show.  However, most people seemed to demand that 
the continuation of the original Saturday Morning Cartoon be brought back. 
Of course, with DiC as the brains behind Sonic being on television, we 
should expect the worse. 

Sonic Underground is a completely new television show of Sonic and his pals.
Yes, this sounds very nice, except for many parts.  For one, Sonic 
Underground no longer features any of the characters from the previous Sonic
Television Shows (the only exceptions being Sonic and Robotnik of course). 
Tails doesn't even make an appearance.  The plot line is completely new, 
with Sonic traveling along with his friends as a band (cleverly named Sonic
Underground) to raise the spirits of saddened Mobians.  Wonderful plot I 
must say. 

I am very discouraged with this.  The original Saturday Morning Television 
Show established so many fans of Sonic during it's two year air-time on ABC 
Network.  We demand more Sonic, and we get this piece of trash television 
show which will be as good as the former syndicated Adventures of Sonic The
Hedgehog television show, or worse (and to those who know what I am talking
about there, you know that is very bad).  Only the best from our friends at 
DiC. 

Another comment on the Sonic The Hedgehog Comic Book, published by Archie 
Comic.  This comic has kept their story line based off of the old Saturday
Morning Television Show.  But if you are a long time reader such as myself,
they used to incorporate humor such as that from the former Weekday 
Television Show.  So in other words, the comic seems to follow the story 
line as to match the television show being aired.  Can you as fans of this 
comic imagine as the story of the comic twists and turns into the plot of
Sonic Underground?  Not a pretty thought, I can assure you. 

So what can we do to stop this.  Probably nothing, seeing as how the series
is well underway in production, and I doubt they will stop producing the
show on account of us fans.  All we can do now is hope for the best. 

                                                 --SharpKnux
                                                   sharpknux@fyi.net

