		Why can't DiC get it? -by NerfDude

	Man, I just don't get it. First, there was the Adventures of 
Sonic the Hedgehog, a crappy cartoon about Sonic and Tails. The show 
was simply the two of them being chased around by Robotnik, eating 
chili dogs, and making sure to include the word "butt" in every other 
sentence. This was TOTALLY off-based; it would appear that Robotnik's 
only goal was to kill Sonic. I don't know why that series was 
cancelled, but then again, who cares?
	Then there was the Sonic The Hedgehog Saturday morning series. 
This series had what the other series didn't: a plot. This was a good 
series. It had drama and a smaller, but significant amount of humor. 
The artists did an excellent job; real michaelangelo stuff (in contrast 
to the "Adventures of...." series' work, which could have been drawn by 
a two week old hamster). This was an excellent series. It had that sort 
of style that was not seen beyond the 80's cartoons, except in the 
original TMNT series (but THAT got screwed up too, now didn't it?).
	THIS show, excellent as it was, was viewed mostly by little 
kids who just liked the action. Which is why when "Power Rangers" took 
the same time slot, it was cancelled. People like me find this a reason 
to dispise Fox, even if they DO show "the Simpsons".
	Now that the Power Rangers craze is over, a 3rd season of Sonic 
the Hedgehog would do INCREDIBLY well; hey, if I was a five-year-old, 
and I saw the opening to it, you KNOW I'd be hooked!
	Now I have heard of a new series called Sonic Underground, 
where Sonic and his siblings or something go from city to city cheering 
up Mobians? What in...? First of all, shouldn't those towns' citezens 
be roboticized? And besides, what kind of plot is that? Where did DiC's 
"people" have their heads when they thought THAT up?
	I, personally, would enjoy a third season of Sonic. Heck, I'd 
watch just the reruns (which have been taken off of USA, I understand)!
	So, my question is this: what is DiC's "people" on?

				-NerfDude
			*Flaming For A Better Tomorrow*

