Dimitri and Penders' other problems

	Okay, in the letters page in KTE #16, it mentions that Dimitri 
will be coming back.  Ken Penders has even told me that.  But what I'd 
like to know is: HOW?????

	The last time we saw Dimitri, he was practically a 900+ year 
old rotting corpse who just happened to still be alive.  He really 
can't do much of anything like that.  There has to be some excuse as 
to how he's supposed to make his grand re-entrence.  I don't think he 
could just go inside the Chaos Chamber and absorb his powers back from 
the Master Emerald.  There's gotta be something else.

	It was mentioned in an earlier letters page that the DL 
replace limbs with robotic parts.  Perhaps it's been plannned out that 
they give Dimitri a complete overhaul.  But having "Dimitri of Borg" 
doesn't explain how he's supposed to come back, to quote Penders, 
"deadlier than ever."  Or, maybe it does, but he'd still be without 
his powers.

	I'm just real curious to know if and how Penders will manage 
to pull this one off successfully.

	Another mess Mr. Penders has gotten himself into is the 
business with Sally and King Max's relationship (or lack thereof).  
He's gone from her life for eleven years, so you'd think he would be 
overjoyed to be fully back and free of Naugus, but he still seems to 
have a couple of loose screws. (Forgive me of possibly being 
repetative of other people and old debates, but let's face it, it's 
true.)  And just when things start to really heat up, and some real 
good stories seem to be in the making... Penders drops it and goes 
into "The Adventures of Geoffrey St.John and Some Other Underused 
Characters Who Demanded a Raise and Dental Benefits."  Though this 
latest installment has the subject in question mentioned, it's given 
as a minor aspect to the story, and, judging by the teaser, it will be 
a minor aspect as well.  I say this mostly because whoever makes the 
teasers seems to overemphasize too much.  "Serious fireworks" might 
just mean, "a couple of panels with multi-colored dialouge for what is 
supposed to pass for emotional outbursts."

	To get to the point of this last example, Ken Penders doesn't 
seem to keep what is a very good plot device (such as the specifics of 
a Mobian religion at the start of the "Lost Tribe" arc) in use for 
very long.  Some exceptionally good stories might have surfaced from 
his desk if he did just that.  But he's gotten himself into some very 
bad habits that he needs to remedy before someone drops HIM off the 
side of a building.  I'd just like to offer this friendly and helpful 
advise to Ken: when you have something good, stick to it as long as 
it's usable for good stories, and (for the gazillionth time, I'm sure) 
tighten up the C-O-N-T-I-N-U-I-T-Y.  Especially in the Knuckles 
stories, 'cause you've got no one else to blame for the loose ends 
you're starting with that decrepit (sp?) Dimitri.

- J Weekley/ Jerimiah (not Jeremiah) Prower
