                Nights Into Screams By WB

It's obvious Bollers will write the Nights series and in 
practically everyone's opinion this is a BAD THING! The only 
good Bollers issue in my opinion was Sonic 54 because of levels 
of emotion in it. But that was it. Others didn't like it at all. 
And compare "Brave New World" to "Running To Stand Still". Both 
are similar in that there was practically no action but heavy 
dialogue. Yet why was "Brave New World' pinned among most as one 
of the single most oustanding sonic issues the whole year. Maybe 
because when Penders wrote it. There was more to it than rebuilding 
a city, it was rebuilding lives. We could all feel for Sally as 
she saw her room a storage unit for weapons or the streets reduced 
to rubble or earthquakes or the group of Robians emerging from the 
shadows. Even with Sega's "No Emotion" Rule, it was powerful stuff. 
The only really mindblowing parts of "Running To Stand Still" were 
Sonics conversations with Rosie and Uncle Chuck. That's not to say 
the story wasn't good, but why does the reader feel as if more 
should have been done with Rotor's family or Amy Rose (who the 
heck does she stay with?) or even Rosie as she sketches her cousins 
dead face in the dirt. Stuff just kind of made you feel empty and 
as if there could have been more. Now what does this have to do 
with Nights? Everything. Bollers has obviously shown us that as 
far as the sonic continuity he knows bunk. Look at his leap in 
Sonic 57 to saying Naugus had planned a coup. Question: Where did 
we READ or SEE something like this in ROTK? Couldn't the ending 
have been better? Couldn't we have had some kind of explanation 
or story or exposition or something as to why a crown just poofed 
out of nowhere on Kingy's head? For Ixis Naugus' 1st appearance in 
53, couldn't that have been a little stronger? For someone who 
supposedly can control a vast amount of magic he certainly didn't 
do much except get his wand busted. All I'm saying is that if 
Bollers can't keep up with his own established continuity then 
what in the world will happen to Nights. What about the plothole 
in the Miniseries where Napp gets turned into a Mini-nightmaren 
or meppian or whatever and at the end of Part three he's normal 
again. What the heck happened? If Bollers can't keep his stuff 
up then woe be unto Elliot, Claris, and Nights....
