                 Wearing Things Down  By WB

	Now for Sam Maxwell and Patrick Spaziante. I DON'T CARE WHAT 
ANYONE SAYS MAXWELL IS A DAMN GOOD ARTIST! Whereas Maxwell has a 
rounder style to his artwork, Spaziante has a broader style to 
his. THAT plus the fact that Maxwell has less facial expressions 
on his charcaters (his biggest drawback)are the only major 
differences between the two. Lets look at the artist roster 
now for just a second:

Sam Maxwell - Artist, Nights Into Dreams
Patrick Spaziante - Cover artist: All Four Books; Nights Artist
Harvey Mecadoocasio - Cover Inker:All Four Books And Occasion Sonic
Ken Penders - Knuckles And Sonic Writer; Occasional Sonic Art; 
Color (#58 only)
Micheal Gallagher - Sonic Writer
Karl Bollers - Nights Writer And Colorist
Dave Manak - FIRED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!......I'm sorry, on hiatus.
Manny Galan And Andrew Pepoy- Knuckles Art
Dan Slott - Nights writer
Art Mawhinney - Sonic Artist
Frank Strom - Sonic Artist/Writer
Nelson Ortega - Sonic Artist

	I believe that's everybody. Now as you can see a lot of 
people are being worn thin. With everybody and thier Grandmama on 
Sonic the continuity gets messed up right? So wouldn't it make 
more sense to do this:

Patrick Spaziante -Cover Art Sonic, Knuckles, And Nights
Sam Maxwell - Occasional Covers Of Nights; Artist Of Nights
Harvey Mercadoocasio -Cover Ink Sonic, Knuckles, And Nights
Ken Penders - Writer Of Sonic And Knuckles
Micheal Gallagher - Writer Of Sonic
Karl Bollers - BACKUP Writer Of Nights; Main Colorer
Frank Strom - Writer/Artist Sonic
Dan Slott - Writer Of Nights 
Manny Galan - Artist Of Knuckles
Nelson Ortega And Art Mawhinney - Alternating Sonic Artists

	This is much like the above but here it's more whittled 
down. Face facts, Spaziante and Maxwell have got to do the covers. 
And if the time comes where Spaz should pencil a book, with Maxwell 
so close to his artwork it makes sense that he do occasional covers 
of Nights (the book he pencils) or Sonic to step in to relieve 
pressure from Spaziante. This way Spaziante could have more room 
for Sonic! And EVERYBODY likes Spaz!

	I've read Dan Slott's stuff before on scooby Doo and Ninja 
Turtles. Slott is no Penders but he's done a whole lot better than 
Bollers. I say give Bollers a chance to develop a STRONG, Plotholeless 
continuity on Nights and see what he does with it. With a veteran 
writer like Slott to help this new writer to Nights then Bollers 
can't be half as bad as on his Sonic efforts.

	Harvo and the guy with the unpronounceable name who did 
the inks on Sonic 58's cover should stick to the covers. If the 
time comes when there is really a story crunch or miscellaneous 
stories such as those in the Super Specials or otherwise, then let 
them come in and do the art. Heck if they can pull it off maybe one 
could be a current penciler of the SSS.

	Ken Penders should keep permanent Knuckles and occasional 
Sonic. BUT Micheal Gallagher should do more Sonic as well. Who CAME 
UP with the Ancient Walkers? Gallagher. Who began the Sonic Continuity 
even if it was somewhat childlike? Gallagher? Who improved with "The 
Death Egg Saga" and "Mecha Madness"? Gallagher? who gave Sonic his 
connections to the rings and emeralds? Gallagher? If Penders can work 
with anyone more on a tighter continuity it has to be Micheal Gallagher. 
Gallagher has a colorful look on the Sonic universe whereas Knuckles 
is more mystery! THIS IS WHAT'S MISSING IN THE SONIC BOOKS!!!! The 
colorful universe! The diversity! Gallagher could make a menacing 
threat like Sonic's roboticization and the death egg and turn it 
into a comedy yet keep us enthralled in the action! With Gallagher 
more on sonic and working with Penders. Sonic could develop a tighter 
continuity! I'm really waiting to see how he handles the return of 
Horizontal and Vertical in issue 59.

	Strom has another intersting angle and this is Monkey Khan. 
With a little working and tweaking. I think Khan could be the next 
addition to the Freedom Fighters. Think about it. The main villian 
of course is Robotnik. But if Naugus is supposed to be up and coming 
according to the current chopped up storyline then wouldn't somebody 
with magic be needed on the team?

Think:
Sally - Leader And Heroine 
Sonic - Hero and POV of the Comic
Tails - Hero In Training, Wiser Than He Looks, Magic Background
Rotor - Techno Genius Good against Robotnik
Bunnie - Strength. Good against Robotnik
Antoine - Comic Relief and Military Style
Dulcy - Quiet, often behind the shadows helping when needed
Air survaillance
And If What I think Archie is doing is correct
Monkey Khan - Magic Wiz, Cyborg backed Strength, Smart Aleck

     	So I think Monkey Khan could become the 8th member depending 
on what they do with Ixis Naugus. He's rebellious and would make a 
good addition to the team. And in this way Strom is a lot better in 
writing than I thought he was. Why? I was in English Lit class and we 
read the story of the ancient Chinese Monkey King. (Now doesn't Khan 
have a Chinese Yin-Yang symbol on his vest?) Strom may have given the 
book a way to go exploring in some places that may not have evn been 
thought of being opened. If he worked with Gallagher on story imagine 
what could come out of that. Only time and the direction of "Arsenal 
Of The Iron King" (Sonic 60) will tell....

     	As far as art on Sonic goes. I think it should be split between 
three main artists. Art Mawhinney who has really come up since his 
early days, Nelson Ortega who can REALLY get the characters down and 
show good visual puns (Something few artists can do), and Strom on 
occasion to help the Khan storyline along. It's not the singularity 
of art like Knuckles but it helps immensly with continuity and look. 

     	And that's it. This shortened simplified way could really work. 
I may just e-mail it to Archie.
