     Antoine:I've once read thees arteecle that saids agriticutural researchers says that pigs start to party whenever the
     ze farmer leaves.

     Audience:(mumble laughs)

     Antoine:That got me theenken, What do pigs do when they do party?

     (does impression of a pig looking out for the farmer) Hey dude, ze farmer left ze farm.

     Audience:(little laugh)

     Antoine:Duude, excellent. SUUUUUEEEEEYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!! PARTY TIME!!!!!!!

     Audience:(laughs)

     Antoine:Zen all the pigs start up the pig music, (does disco sounds)Bob shucubam,bam bam, Bop shucubam bam
     bam

     Audience:(laughs getting bigger)

     Antoine:Some of them brought along some beer in troughs.

     Audience:(laughs)

     Antoine:For those of you who are agricultural challenge, a trough is some sort of a giant food dish that pigs eat
     out of.

     Audience:(Laughs)

     Antoine:And there's that one pig who seem to have a little too much party. 

     (does impression of male pig try to pick up a female pig) Hey aren't you a cute little porker.

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine: (pig impression) Why don't go to pen and play this little piggie.

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:And zese guys were doing researh on it.

     What do they do, hooked listening devices in ze pen.

     (does impression of the researchers) Okay we've got one pig who trying to score with another one. 

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:(does impression) And she accepted.

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:I just hate to see what will happened when ze farmer comes back.

     (does a pig warning the others)Whoa you guys!

     Ze Farmer Is Coming Back!

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:Zen all the pigs try to clean up. (does pig impression trying to clean)

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:(pig)Come you guys, hide everything!

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:(pig) Hey where's Porky and Pentunia?

     (other pig) I theenk zey are in ze barn.

     (pig)Aw man, they were hammered with the beer!

     Audience:(laughs bigger)

     Antoine:(pig) They probably had did it too.

     Audience:(big laugh)

   