Sonic HQ EXCLUSIVE interview with Sonic midi maker Ben Acorn.

HQ: Hello Mr.Ben Acorn, this is the Sonic HQ News crew. We have a 
few questions for you...let us start by asking the most important.
What midi are you working on now? Can you tell us a little bit 
about it?

Ben: The midi that I am currently working on is called Chaos Jam. 
It is track 1 on Virtual Sonic CD. It’s a very good song but it 
keeps proving to be very difficult. It has many instruments in it 
that cannot be reproduced in a general midi file. I am only able 
to get around this by using the closest instruments to them that 
are available to put in a general midi file. Now, that doesn’t mean 
that it’s not going to be good. It means that it will take more 
work to make it good.

HQ: When do you think it'll be finished?

Ben: Well there's really no way to tell. I can give you a guess 
though. I think it should be done in about 2 or 3 weeks depending 
on the time I have to work on it. And I have three more midi's not 
yet released to the public.

HQ: Which three?

Ben: Wacky Workbench version 1, Stardust Speedway version 2, and 
Sonic Boom version 2!

HQ: Can you tell us what midis you have made so far? 

Ben: Yes.

HQ: OK, so...

Ben: Sonic CD-Wacky Work Bench Present, Sonic CD-Sonic Boom, Sonic 
CD-Stardust Speedway Bad Future, and a re-make of Sonic Boom and 
Stardust Speedway Bad future because they were some of my first mids 
and has tons of errors in them.

HQ: Which one's your favorite?

Ben: Sonic CD-Wacky Work Bench Present is the most accurate but I 
like Sonic Boom the best.

HQ: Many people would like to know the answer to this question, how 
exactly do you make midi files?

Ben: Well? First you need to get a notation or sequencing program. 
I have one because I was interested in writing music. These programs 
are not always cheap. Some cost up to $1000, but don't worry those 
programs are for professional composers who write music for big time 
orchestras. There aren't any shareware versions of midi programs that 
I know of that let you save your work. So be ready to spend some money. 
I use Quick Score Professional. It cost about $90 and works very well. 

HQ: What's the cheapest sequencing program you know of?

Ben: Um ... I guess Cake Walk. I know you can download a demo and I've 
seen the full version and it look's cheap. but I don't know how much 
it costs.

HQ: Who do you think is the best Sonic midi maker on the net? Besides 
you that is. (laughs)

Ben: Besides me? Oh that's a tough one. Um... Koryan I'd have to say. 
Very talented.

HQ: And last question, how did you get into Sonic? Don't worry, we'll
ask all other Sonic fans we interview this question from now on. 
(laughs)

Ben: I saw it on a Saturday morning when I was little, and I was hooked. 
I bought a Sega right away and then I got Sonic 1, 2, 3, well you know!

HQ: Thanks for your time Ben!

Ben: Bye!

If you have any question for Ben, email him at ben_acorn@yahoo.com.
