Here's the Sonic HQ exclusive interview with Ken Penders.

HQ: What are your views between where the Sonic comic has been - i.e
 The Sonic SatAM Cartoon and where the comic is going? Why do you think
 that Sonic fans (well, atleast half of them anyway) show so much
 animocity at major changes that deviate from the original SatAM
 Storyline?

Ken: The fans who have been reading the book since day one know that it 
was my former partner Mike Kanterovich and I who steered the book into
becoming more like the Sat AM series rather than the version that was 
basically more like the weekday series with Sat AM characters. When 
the Sat AM series was cancelled by ABC, I was working on the scripts 
for issues #34 through 36 at the time. I received a call from then-editor 
Scott Fulop who informed me that now with both cartoon series cancelled, 
it was only a matter of time before the comic book was cancelled. He 
was acting on previous publishing history. Usually when a comic book is 
based on a TV series, they usually drop in sales once the series is 
cancelled. The ONLY series this never happened to was STAR TREK. (Yes, 
STAR TREK has been cancelled, but never because of poor sales.) For 
example, Marvel published a series called ALF. Once the show was cancelled, 
interest in the comics dropped so fast you couldn't give them away, and 
they sold really well for quite a well. It was at this point that a
conscious decision was made to break away from being tied so closely to
the Sat AM series. If we had continued to basically produce Sonic fighting
Robotnik stories, the readers would have lost interest and the book
would've been cancelled. By creating the feeling that growth was possible, 
that the readers would not be able to predict what happened next, something
extraordinary happened. We attracted new readers, and not just a few.
Month by month, people started climbing on board because here was a book 
that took chances, that didn't remain status quo. It was then that I began
thinking about ENDGAME, and giving the readers the ultimate showdown 
between Sonic and Robotnik. I felt that the plot device of killing off 
Sally would be the only justification for Sonic to fully cut loose and 
go after Robotnik no matter what. At the time, I felt the character of 
Sally was only holding Sonic back from achieving his full potential. 
Despite her popularity with SOME readers, at least half wish we had gotten 
rid of her once and for all. Because Sega didn't want to rule out the 
possibility of using Sally in the future, it was decided she should live. 
As a result, I came up with BRAVE NEW WORLD, which set the stage for all 
new developments, including the concept that we didn't need to use the 
same villain issue after issue. So where are we going with this? Quite 
frankly, we're going to be exploring the history of the Mobians and how 
things got to where they are. There's going to be a more cohesive
continuity than there's ever been, and we really do have some amazing
surprises up our sleeves. One other comment I wish to make. The fans
expressing their opinions on the net are but a fraction of the
readership, and a tiny one at best. While we read and listen to all 
the comments and criticisms sent our way, we have to go by a number of 
other factors, and the most important one is sales. By all yardsticks, 
sales have been increasing on a monthly basis, strongly indicating that 
even if some fans don't like what's going on, the majority do.
  
HQ: Sonic Super Special 10 will come out the same month as Sonic #75.
 So will Sonic #75 feature a long story that will end in SSS 10?

Ken: That hasn't been decided yet, though I suspect it likely.
 
HQ: With the end of the round-robin writers on Sonic and Karl Bollers
 now taking permanent reigns on Sonic do you think that this will
 improve the status of stories in the Sonic books? And if so will we
 ever see a return of the full length stories to the book?

Ken: Considering I'm writing and inking the back-up stories, only issue 
#75 will feature a full-length story in the foreseeable future. As for 
the quality of the stories, I feel very strongly that the readers will 
enjoy what Karl and I have planned, especially as we have to make the 
other aware what each of us is doing. 
 
HQ: Is there any plans for a mini-series anytime soon?

Ken: Not at the moment, which is why I did the Chaotix 3-parter recently 
in KNUCKLES.
 
HQ: The Knuckles comics are very well planned. But where do you get the
 ideas for the Knuckles comics?

Ken: From all sorts of sources, listening to readers' questions and 
comments, articles I've read and so on. I have a basic arc of what I 
want to do during the first 100 issues, so I'm far from being at a loss 
for stories. Around issue 50, things get REALLY intense.
 
HQ: In Knuckles #15, you got rid of Charmy Bee. Is there any reason for
 that? Does the void of Charmy help in other character development for
 other characters? Will we ever see another appearence by Charmy in the
 comic?

Ken: I didn't get rid of Charmy bee so much as I told a story which put 
some focus on him. In my mind, I know Charmy is coming back, but I don't 
know when or how for certain at this point. This goes back to my overall 
arc. I know what I want to do, but I let the details percolate until the 
time is right to use them in a particular story.
 
HQ: Who designs the covers for Knuckles?

Ken: I generally do, with Spaz taking them and adding much more detail, 
upon which I ink them.
 
HQ: You stated somewhere (Archie's webpage, I think) that nowadays the
 Archie team have to think a lot of the future plotline. If this is
 true, can you give a little hint on what will happen after Sonic #75
 and Knuckles #25?

Ken: I can't with SONIC, because that would blow a major surprise at this
point. The story arc beginning in KNUCKLES #26 is titled KNUCKLES: THE 
FIRST DATE, and it's going to be a more lightweight story than seen 
previously. KNUCKLES #26 also marks the beginning of back-up stories, 
with the first one showing us how Mighty met Sonic for the first time. 
You'll also meet Ray the Squirrel as well.
 
HQ: Do you have any idea about the new Sonic cartoon, Sonic
 Underground?

Ken: I know enough that Archie wants no part of incorporating anything 
from that cartoon into our series. In fact, if we did, I might as well 
have really killed off Sally, because she doesn't exist in this new 
version.
 
HQ: And the last question...who's hand was shown in Sonic #62 on the
 space craft? Robotnik's?

Ken: Good guess, but incorrect.   :-)   The original Robotnik is non-
existent.

We like to thank Ken Penders for his time.
