"Sonic Undergoes Image Enhancement"
Comic Shop News #585
Sept. 9, 1998

by Cliff Biggers

This September, two of the most successful publishers in the comic book
field will offer a unique crossover one-shot that not only brings some
of their most successful characters together, but also makes a
writer-artist from one company a member of the creative team of the
other.
  Are we talking about Marvel and DC here? Nope. We're talking Image and
Archie Comics.
  Archie Comics?
  If you're putting together a list of the industry's most successful
publishers, you'd have to include Archie in that list. While they may
not come in at the top of CSN's charts each month, they have a
tremendous market in grocery stores, drugstores, newsstands, and other
mainstream non-specialty outlets. And Archie's most successful comic
book is Sonic the Hedgehog. So who better to cross paths with the Image
heroes than Sonic and crew?
  Okay, it may sound like an even stranger meeting than the
Archie-Punisher crossover from a few years ago... but just like that
aforementioned one-shot, the Sonic-Image crossover book works. Thanks to
close cooperation between Image and Archie--and the involvement of Image
co-founder Jim Valentino--this is a book that should please Image fans
and Sonic fans alike. The Imageverse-Sonicverse meeting takes place in
Sonic Super Special #7, a 48-page stand-alone comic.
  So how'd this unusual crossover come about? "I had put up a post on
the Internet about Sonic," Archie Comics' Paul Castiglia said, "and Jim
responded to me, telling me how much his kid loves Sonic, and how he'd
love to be involved in some way in the comic--even if it was just a
pin-up. I ran this by the Sonic editor, Justin Freddy Gabrie, and he
decided to pursue it further. He spoke with Jim Valentino, who
reiterated his interest, and Justin assigned him a pin-up.
  "In subsequent discussions, Jim expressed a desire to perhaps render a
whole story with the characters. Justin decided to contact one of his
main writers, Ken Penders, who he felt would be behind the idea. Ken
then spoke with Jim, they batted around ideas and came up with a
proposal with a whole crossover special. The next step was to get all
the legal niceties and approvals out of the way from all concerned
parties and... ta da! It was approved. Work then commenced leading us to
where we are now--promoting and announcing to the world the imminent
release of this unique special!" Castiglia said.
  "I am having an absolute blast with it," Valentino said. "It's being
written and inked by Ken Penders and pencilled by me (this is my first
'funny animal' work, incidentally). It co-stars the entire Sonic crew
(including Knuckles), plus Image characters--ShadowHawk, The Dragon,
Velocity, the Maxx, Union, and a cameo by Spawn, only all of the Image
characters will be drawn in the Batman animation style!
  "It came about because my youngest son, Joel (the model for A Touch of
Silver covers) is a huge Sonic fan (and so are many of his classmates).
I got talking to editor J. Freddie Gabrie, Ken Penders and a couple of
other folks associated with the book. I did a pin-up of Sonic which
appears in Sonic #60 (as does fan art from both my sons--Aaron and
Joel!) and the project just sort of grew from various conversations. So
far, it's been one of the most fun projects I've ever worked on."
  Sonic's popularity lies primarily within the younger reader
market--and Valentino sees that as an asset, not a liability. "Everyone
is complaining that there aren't any comics for kids. Well, the kids
seem to be turning to these books in droves. In fact, from the retailers
I've spoken to the Sonic comic books outsell many of Marvel's, DC's, and
Image's books--and their numbers are going up! It seems to be that this
is a good way to bridge the gap with the next generation of comic book
fans. It may introduce straight super-hero fans to a line of books that
are *far* more sophisticated than one would think, and, simultaneously,
introduce the younger readers to super-heroes. Everyone wonders where
the next generation of comics readers are--but they're reading Sonic!"
  "This is an epic adventure for all ages that's not a dream, hoax, or
imaginary story," writer Ken Penders said. "When a mysterious figure
makes off with the fabled Chaos Emerald, it's up to our heroes to
recover it from the hands of the most evil force imaginable before he
refashions reality to suit his own unique, horrific vision."
  The Chaos Emerald is vital, because it is the power source that
maintains the Floating Island's place in the sky. In a effort to track
it down and return it to its rightful place, Sonic, Knuckles, and the
rest of the Freedom Fighters hit the Cosmic Interstate in search of the
invaluable gem... and soon, the find themselves in the Imageverse, where
they meet a group of heroes who seem as strange to them as they seem to
Spawn, ShadowHawk, and other Image regulars. Will the Image heroes treat
these rather unusual newcomers as threats to their world, or join them
in their search for the Chaos Emerald? You'll have to pick up Sonic
Super Special #7 to find out--and you won't be disappointed!
  The whole Sonic experience was so much fun for Jim Valentino that he
has decided to hang around the Sonic-verse for a little while longer:
he'll be supplying the visuals for Knuckles #s 22-24 as well.
  Sonic Super Special #7, a $2.25 comic, is scheduled for September 29th
release.
