* The era of round-robin creators on SONIC is over as of issue #62.
Commencing
with that issue, Karl Bollars is the regular writer and Steven Butler
is the
new regular penciller. I've seen pages of Steven's work, and I think the
majority will like what they see. I could not say this about everyone
who has
worked on the book, so I hope that this is taken for the strong,
positive
endorsement that it is. My involvement with the main stories consists of
behind-the-scenes details I work out with Justin so that continuity is
maintained, especially the stuff that appears as of SONIC #68, as that
story is a direct result of everything I set in motion prior to that.

As for the back-up stories, I'm writing, inking and coloring every one
as of
issue #61. Art Mawhinney is pencilling most of these, with Sam Maxwell
doing 
a turn featuring Lupe and the Wolf Pack in SONIC #66 through #68. The
back-up
stories in SONIC #69 and 70 are a couple of tales that have been held in
inventory and will see print at that time. TALES OF THE FREEDOM
FIGHTERS then
becomes TALES OF THE GREAT WAR for at least six issues, which possibly
an
interuption with SONIC #75. After that, we'll see.

* Over at KNUCKLES, after the upcoming CHAOTIX CAPER runs in issues #13
through #15, issues #16 through #18 break format somewhat. #16 is a
single
issue story entitled "Reunions", which resolves some things and sets up
others.
#17 and #18 feature the two-part "The Guardian Who Failed", which,
while being 
self-contained is the beginning of an arc that culminates with issue
#25. 
The same applies to the next two 3-parters, "The Forbidden Zone" and
"Dark 
Alliance", both of which are self-contained yet part of a greater
whole, which
comes to [its] resolution in issue #25's 25-page epic "Childhood's
End". During
the run, we're going to answer lots of questions, raise new ones
(naturally), 
and set ourselves up to switch into high gear for the next 25 issues.

* What about the SONIC SUPER SPECIALS? Issue #5's SONIC KIDS should be
out
soon, with SONIC #50: THE DIRECTOR'S CUT featured in issue #6 due out
in June.
Tentative for September release in issue #7 is something so special, so
secret, that I can't even say a word about it until Archie is ready to
do so.
The script is completed, the art is being rendered even as I type this,
and it
promises to be the funkiest thing ever to appear in a SONIC comic.
Issue #8 is
in the planning stages. Originally, KNUCKLES: TWENTY YEARS LATER was
scheduled
to run, but it's been pushed back to issue #9, as it reveals several
plot
elements not shown until KNUCKLES #25. KNUCKLES will then appear on an
annual
basis in the specials, unless all you KNUCKLES fans besiege Archie with
requests for more.

* One of the specials I'm planning will feature ONLY the FEMALE
characters in
SOLO or FEMALE TEAM-UP stories. Since we have SALLY, BUNNIE, HERSHEY,
LUPE,
JULIE-SU and a couple of others, this promises to be one fun book.

Ken Penders
