Today we met Justin Freddy Gabrie, Andrew Pepoy, Harvo, Scott Shaw!, 
Jim Amash, Rich Koslowski, and of course Ken Penders. (We missed 
Steven Butler, Frank Strom, and Jeff Powell. People are very hard to 
find in here, ya know.)

Justin Freddy Gabrie told us a LOT. He talked about his editing job. 
It's a load of work, he has to make sure that each writer, artist, 
and letterer gets the jobs done on time, he has to keep track of these 
people who may live in different states, and there has to be a lot of
heavy planning-ahead to put out the regular comics. He has to be strict 
about what can be shown in the comic, what isn't needed, etc., it can 
really kill valuable time before a story is finally approved. He jumps 
all over the place to make sure that the future issues are mapped
out, to see how the actual series goes, like extrapolating the trends 
out to a few years. For example, the cover artist may be working on a 
cover for a future issue of Sonic, Spaz (as we all know) spends a great 
length of time designing and drawing a cover, but before he is finished, 
Freddy-Man may have to make Spaz just begin working on the next issue's 
cover. The same goes for story art. It takes a LOT of time to get a 
book's art done, going page by page, seeing that it depicts the story 
in a well-wrought way.

Freddy informed us about his last name changing from Mendez to Gabrie. 
It was a family thing. He used his mother's maiden name because he grew 
up living with her. It took some time getting his name to Gabrie.

Steven Butler had to leave on Friday night because he couldn't get any 
booth/table space. But Freddy told us a little about him. Steven Butler 
lives in Mississippi, but is a Texan, so he's got the Texan accent and 
THICK mustache.

Speaking of accents, these ol' New Yorkers (or New "Yo-wuk-kers", New 
"Yoikers") do have it! Especially Harvo, it's so cool! Freddy and Ken 
have it, but it's not nearly as heavy as Harvo's.

Harvo spends huge amounts of time working on art, and he has his Special 
Harvo Way Of Drawing And Inking. I watched him in action, he constantly 
turns the paper around and around sideways, upside-down, sideways again, 
making one or two strokes with the quill pen with each rotation. He also 
works in small sections at a time, like one-inch squares if it's something 
very painstakingly detailed. Like Spaz while drawing, they have their 
nose right up to the paper (literally) to see what their drawing up very 
close when putting in many many details.

Most of the artists were really modest and didn't want to sign our comics 
if they didn't work on it. But us wild fanatics, we love them anyway, so 
we got them to sign any Sonic/Knuckles comics we wanted them to. Jim Amash 
was actually surprised that we knew who he was, what he did, and that 
people actually read Sonic and Knuckles. Scott Shaw! was shocked to see 
our group crowd around his table, and have people waiting behind. Rich 
Koslowski guessed that we were the Sonic/Knuckles bunch. We took our comics 
to all these people, they all said, "But I didn't work on it, you still 
want MY autograph??" 
"HECK, YEAH!!!" 

Andrew Pepoy, on the other hand, proudly autographed my WHOLE Knuckles 
collection, saying he's glad I read them and appreciate the art. He 
works for Scooby Doo also. Andrew will be taking a break from Knuckles 
for a few issues, but shall be back. Jim Amash used to ink Manny Galan's 
work on Marvel Comics. Manny started in the comics business when he was 
in college November of 1990. Starting as an intern for Marvel comics, he 
quickly did work for them. He went to college for one more year before 
deciding to focus on improving on his own.

Ken Penders' table was REALLY crowded and busy today, but Freddy told 
about SSS#8, it will be a Sailor Moon thing. (Jet can tell you more 
about this.)

We got a sneak peek of Sonic #64. It's already printed but not released. 

There were actual original animation cels from the Sonic Saturday morning 
cartoon that were for viewing and sale. There was actually a booth that 
had rare Sonic the Hedgehog back issues!!! It was unbelievable.
