This'll be a rather informal report, I'm home, and I'm tired, my legs 
are killing me, but, WHOA! What a day!!!

I'll be able to write a better report when I come back for more goodies 
on Saturday ^_^

For those of you coming to the Con, here's some info to make it easier: 
At 11:00a.m., the doors open, and you go register. The line moves fairly 
quickly. You go in the entrance they direct you to, go up the escalator. 
Up there you will se a winding line of people (and it's kinda outdoor, 
with a huge tent-like roof overhead) just keep going, register, then go 
inside the building again. Go down the stairs/escalator/elevator to the 
bottom floor again, and you'll see many doors along to the Exhibit Hall. 
To find Ken Penders, walk in the doors, turn to your right, and keep 
walking and walking all the way by the wall. Go up Aisle 200, look for 
some tables with turquoise skirts, and you'll see Ken & Bernadette 
Penders. They are at Table D-15.

Well, we had a very pleasant meeting, he gave me and my bro a hug ^_^ 
He really is a fun man, and hyper too O.O [I guess it's the intense 
comic-con atmosphere] He only gets 3-4 hours of sleep, 5 is the MOST, 
he says. But he was really cheerful and happy! [I was glad for this, I 
want him to have a nice time in San Diego. The last thing he said before 
he left for Cali (Ron's Sonic Mailing List) he sounded kinda...frazzled 
to me, and I was concerned...] We exchanged greetings and "how are you's", 
we talked casually. He told me that he and Bernie were in the audience 
and watched "Politically Incorrect". He also told me about his experience 
being STUCK in an elevator for hours cuz the power went out! On the way 
throughout, we shared laughs :) I learned more about him and his job, and 
he shows that he LOVES it very much to put so much into it. He explained 
how a comic book is made, all the steps, the editing, etc. There was 
original artwork for viewing and buying. And we saw the next back-up story 
in SONIC, Sally's confronting her father. [I couldn't concentrate on 
reading, though.]

As for spoilers, I didn't get much, I just felt like talking about other 
things. I'll get more on Saturday, promise. And Jet and Pep can listen in, 
too =P He told me about the Lost Ones series, it'll be KINDA like Knuckles, 
sorta since he's writing both of them, but this has more romance). 
Particle makes her debut in SSS#7. That SWATbot on the cover is to hint 
that Robo-Robotnik is lurking O.O

At Halloween, there will be an Archie Halloween special that has EVERY 
Archie character - Sonic, Knuckles, Archie, Sabrina, Reggie, Betty, 
Veronica, Jughead, Archie superheroes....It will be a 12-page comic, and 
it's going to be GIVEN away. He had only six weeks to put this together...
and I don't know what else about it. Except that in the middle, there will 
be a MAJOR two-page spread, and Bernie was bragging about how Ken worked 
SO hard and put SO much detail in it, and worked 20 hours straight - or 
something. 

I had a hard time finding the other Sonic people. I could only find Rich 
Koslowski, Harvo, and Scott Shaw! I hope I can find the rest next time. 
Also, J. Freddy Gabrie will be coming FRIDAY, along with Steven Butler.

Devastating news. Completely devastating, heartrending news (at least 
for me). Manny Galan will stop penciling for Knuckles because he's going 
to work for Nickelodeon :( but he'll only be penciling back-up stories 
when they show up in the Knuckles series. Aww :( that's too bad! They 
don't know yet who will be his replacement. And he's making a big move, 
he's getting his own place (in Long Island), because he's getting 
married!!!!!!

Heh, Bernie told me about Spaz, and he's an INCREDIBLY shy person, it's 
just unbelievable. He hates doing comic-cons cuz he's uncomfortable 
being with big crowds of people. It's just the way he is. Almost 
anti-social, but not really.

Well, I didn't do all this all at once. I visited him, hung around for 
a while, then walk around to check the rest of the Con, walk by again a 
few times. And I watched anime =P and there's Playstation games. And a 
whole lotta more. 

At the end of the day we hugged goodbye (gosh he's so nice to me) A few 
minutes later we ran into each in the streets =P

Well, I'll say this much for now, I need sleep x.x
