One future day, the planet Mobius will be ruled in peace by 
the Council of Four, by Queen Aleena and her three children. 
Sheriff Robotnik will be defeated, and freedom will be won 
for all citizens."

When Robotnik learned that the Queen had given birth to 
triplets, he ordered his SWATbots to capture them, so the 
prophecy could never be fulfilled. But the Queen sent her 
children into hiding in different parts of the planet, while 
she herself left her home and from then on wandered around 
Mobius. Years later, when Sonic had already become a Freedom  
Fighter, he learned about his siblings, and from then on 
didn't rest until he had found them. Together they formed 
the band "Sonic Underground".

As before, Sonic is the usual high-speed hero with fast 
moves and cool talking. He only fears water, since he can't 
swim. He plays the guitar in the band.

Sonic's sister Sonia was forced to take care of herself 
early in life, so she is quite an independent character, and 
almost as eager to join any action that comes her way as 
Sonic is. She plays a portable keyboard synthesizer.

Sonic's brother Manic looks a lot like a buzzcut 
blond-wigged version of Sonic, wearing black shades. Manic 
often has his head in the clouds and is sometimes so caught 
by his own beat that he forgets what happens around him, 
which can bring him into dangerous situations from which 
Sonic and Sonia then have to rescue him. He plays the drums.

Always in hope to one day find their mother, the three 
travel around Mobius, while being constantly pursued by 
Robotnik's forces. Whereever they go, they try to help the 
troubled citizens they meet on their quest, and with their 
music they spread the spirit of freedom in the minds of the  
oppressed Mobians.

But this time, Robotnik also got two new henchmen to assist 
him in addition to his SWATbot army, namely Sleet and Dingo, 
two Bounty Hunters (a wolf and a jackal).  Both are experts 
in camouflage, and have the ability to morph into any object 
they want, although there will still be some characteristic 
of their usual appearence (think "Little Wizards", if anyone 
remembers that cartoon).

So far, it hasn't been revealed when or on which channels 
the new "Sonic Underground" cartoon series will be aired, 
but according to rumors it will start in September, and one 
of the first stations to carry it probably is the FOX 
Network, so check out http://www.foxnetwork.com occasionally.

There is also a rumor that Knuckles will have an appearence 
in the new cartoon as an one-shot character, although this 
is unconfirmed.
