



                       THE BODY IN QUESTION


                      a Bunnie Rabbot story

                       by Daniel J. Drazen

                 based on an idea by Jason Zelek (jasonz@usa1.com)


PAUSE FOR BOURGEOIS LEGALITIES: This story is copyrighted
  1997 by the author.  Duplication and reproduction of this story is rabidly
encouraged unless you a) Try to pass it off as your own, b) Screw
around with the text in any way, or c) Try making a buck off my
work -- in case of the latter, first drop me a line at
drazen@andrews.edu so we can talk about my cut.  The characters in
this story are the creations of the following: Sega Enterprises:
Sonic the Hedgehog, Dr. Robotnik; DiC Productions: Princess Sally,
Bunnie Rabbot, Charles Hedgehog, Snively.  Bookshire Draftwood
appears courtesy of The Draftwood Agency (formerly David Pistone
Talent Associates).  All the usual restrictions under Title 17 of
the U. S. Code (concerning copyright laws) apply.

This story is voluntarily rated PG-13 for incidental nudity in a
non-sexual context...wait a minute!  We're talking about FURRIES
here!!  They're pretty much naked most of the time.  Some of them,
anyway.  And even when they're not, they're not clear on the
concept when it comes to clothing.  So enjoy.



     Silently, and with blinding speed, a pair of hands sorted
through the saucer-sized acrylic disks lined up in the drawer of
the storage case.  Each was carefully labeled on the side with a
slim strip of paper bearing a single name; except for that, they
were indistinguishable.  But the one name the stealthy figure was
looking for wasn't there.  He slid the drawer shut and opened
another one.
     "C'mon!" he said to himself.  "It's gotta be in here
somewhere!"
     On he search until, in the next to the bottom drawer, he
stopped.  There lay the object of his search: a disk with a faded
label bearing the name "BUNNIE RABBOT."
     "Bingo!  The hedgehog triumphs again!"
     He reached toward it, then paused.  Next to it was a disk with
the label "CHARLES HEDGEHOG."  He started to reach for it, then
paused.  He knew what was at stake, but he also knew that the
procedure that was being tested back at Knothole was still
experimental and that Sally had ordered him to bring back only one
sample for testing: Bunnie's.
     At that moment a bright light snapped on in the room.  Sonic
turned.
     "Welcome to your doom, hedgehog," the large figure in the
doorway said.  Two SWATbots were visible behind him.
     Sonic didn't take any time to curse his hesitancy.  "Love to
stay and chat, Buttnik  but I was just leaving."  He reached into
the drawer, grabbing a disk.
     "SWATbots!  Stop him!"
     Even before Robotnik had finished speaking, Sonic had slipped
the disk into his backpack and had withdrawn a power ring.  Since
it was in his nature to take the direct approach, he simply went
into a Sonic spin and plowed into the SWATbots as they began to
advance toward him.  They fell helplessly to the side.  Fighting
the urge to deliver a parting taunt, Sonic sped past Robotnik, out
of the building, and down the dark streets of Robotropolis.

***

     For once, everyone in Rotor's hut was impatiently waiting for
Sonic the Hedgehog.  Sally stood in the hut's open doorway, looking
out every five seconds.  Bookshire Draftwood looked at the
settings on the control panel, checked some notes on a nearby pad of
paper, then looked back at the settings on the control panel. 
Perhaps the most nervous of all was Bunnie Rabbot, with good
reason.
     "Sally-girl, why would Robotnik keep DNA samples of the
Mobians he's roboticized anyway?"
     "I don't know, Bunnie.  Sounds like something he'd do just out
of spite!  But if our informant is correct, this could be a major
break in freeing the people of Mobius from Robotnik's control."
     "I only wish we knew more about this informant of yours,
this...what was his name again, Sally?" Bookshire asked.
     "Ray.  He's a fox who says he's been living in hiding in
Robotropolis for some time."
     "Don't y'all think it'll work, Booker?"
     "It should work in theory.  Rotor's modified the deroboticizer
according to the specs that Ray supplied to us, but I won't believe
it till I...."
     At that moment, Sonic appeared in the doorway of the hut. 
"Sonic!  Did Ray's story check out?"
     "Sure did, Sal.  Got the disk thingy in my pack."
     "All right, Sugar-hog!  Let's get this show on the road."
     "Bunnie," Bookshire said, "Now that we've got a sample, I
really wish you'd let Nicole run a simulation routine first."
     "Sorry, Booker.  Ah ain't turnin' back now."
     "But Bunnie..."
     "What's the worst that could happen, Sally-girl?  It doesn't
work and Ah'm right back where Ah started."
     "Bunnie's right," Sonic said as he inserted the disk into the
control console.  "Let's rock!"
     "Kids!" Bookshire thought to himself.  "What about it?" he
asked Sally.
     "Well, keep a close eye on Bunnie's vital signs and hit the
override the second something looks wrong."
     Bunnie climbed up onto the table connected to the control
console and laid down on her back.  Bookshire looked at a bank of
monitors that appeared to be randomly wired together.
     "Vital signs looking good.  Your heart's running a little
fast, though."
     "Just nerves, Booker."
     With no other ceremony, Bookshire stepped over to the control
panel.  "All right, Sonic, you know what to do."
     With his usual confidence, Sonic jumped onto a nearby
treadmill.  Pulling the power ring out of his backpack, he started
running.  It was a crude but effective way to generate the kind of
power that the deroboticizing process required.
     On the table, Bunnie was soon lost from sight, enveloped in a
purplish cloud that sparked and crackled with electricity. 
"Bookshire, what's happening?"
     "Vital signs still stable, Sally."
     Everyone in the hut kept their eyes on the table, hoping to
see some sign that Bunnie was reverting back to her old form. 
Maybe this time, Sally told herself, her old friend would finally
lose the burden she'd been carrying around.  Maybe this time....
     Sally's thoughts were scattered by a loud explosion from the
control panel.  "Bookshire!"
     "I'm OK!" Bookshire coughed as he fanned away the smoke from the
panel.  "Must have been a short; the monitors are all off-line!" 
He limped to a nearby wall, pulled down a bucket of sand hanging on
a nail, and started using it to douse the electrical fire.  "Sonic, back off
on the speed!"
     Too late.  The transformer connected to Sonic's treadmill
began to sputter and smoke as well.  Sonic jumped off and threw a
nearby blanket on top of the transformer.  A second later, the
blanket rose as a result of a small explosion, then settled back
down.  The scent of burning wool filled the air, and Sonic grabbed
the bucket of sand from Bookshire and dumped what was still inside
on top of the blanket.
     Sally, meanwhile, was standing over the table, frantically
waving at the smoke surrounding Bunnie with her arms, trying to
clear it away.  The others joined her in a second, but paused when
Sally stopped waving and let out a gasp.
     "Oh no," Sally whispered, her hands pressed against the sides
of her head as if to keep it from exploding.  "Oh my gosh, no!"
     Nobody else said anything for about a minute.  For lying on
the table, wearing Bunnie's clothes, was what nobody had expected
to see.  It was a hedgehog, an older male hedgehog, blue-gray in
color with a full moustache.  It was, in fact, the very image of
Sir Charles Hedgehog.
     Bookshire reached down and felt the figure's pulse.  Sally
looked at Bookshire intently as he counted to himself.
     "Pulse is good, Sally.  Strong and regular."
     He bent down toward the figure's face.  He forced one eye open
and studied its movements.
     "Reflexes seem to be sound."
     At that moment, the figure began trying to sit up, and the
others cleared away from the table.  "What hit me, Sally-girl?" the
hedgehog said in a strange blend of Charles Hedgehog's voice and
Bunnie's accent.  The figure stopped, eyes widening, one hand
clutching at its throat.
     "Mah voice!  What happened to mah voice?"  Then the hedgehog
looked down at the rest of his body, its face registering shock.
     "Bunnie, are you all right?"
     "Never mind that!" the hedgehog snapped as he slapped his
hands against the empty cups of the dress he was wearing, "Ah want
to know what the hoo-ha happened to mah hoo-has!"
     Sonic was beside the table in a second.  "Take it easy, Unc. 
It's just...."
     "What'd you just call me?" the figure asked.
     Sally reached out and put her hands on Bunnie's shoulders, to
restrain her.  Bunnie tried batting them away, but stopped in
mid-motion when she saw her arm.
     "No," Bunnie said, tears coming to her eyes.  "NO!"
     Before anyone could say anything else, Bunnie had jumped off
the table and run outside toward her own hut.  Sonic and Sally
immediately started off after her.  Bookshire limped after them,
trying vainly to keep up.
     Sonic and Sally found Bunnie lying face down on her bed,
crying.  Sally sat down on the edge of the bed and
started stroking the top of Bunnie's head, as she had done so many
times before when her best friend needed comforting.  It wasn't easy,
because Bunnie's fur had been replaced by a hedgehog's quills.
     Bunnie looked up, her hedgehog face streaked with tears. 
"Why?  Why, Sally-girl?"
     "I'll tell you why," Sally said with mounting anger.  "Sonic
screwed up, that's why!"
     "Hey, it's not like I planned it that way!"
     "That doesn't make any difference!  Your carelessness lost
Bunnie!"  Sally was now so mad she was screaming at Sonic, who was
ready to give back as good as he got.
     "Well maybe you'd be happier if you'd gotten off your royal
can and done it yourself!"
     "Stop it!  Stop it!" Bunnie shouted as she jumped from her bed
and stepped between Sonic and Sally.  For the moment she was more
upset at seeing the two of them fighting than at what had just happened
to her.  "This ain't gonna...."
     Bunnie stopped speaking.  She started to make a kind
of choking sound.  She was grabbing at her chest just as she lost
consciousness.

***

     "Whuh...whuh happened?"
     As the haze inside her head cleared, Bunnie realized that she
was tucked into her own bed, and that Sally and Bookshire were gathered
around it.
     "Bunnie," Sally said gently, "you're all right.  Just lie
still."
     "If Ah'm all right, why did Ah feel like Ah was gonna die a
moment ago?"
     "It was more than a moment ago, Bunnie.  You've been
unconscious for a couple of hours."
     "A couple of...."
     "Bunnie, it looks like you might have had a mild heart
attack."
     "What!?" she whispered.
     "Emphasis on the word MIGHT," Bookshire added. 
     Bunnie looked at Bookshire as if for the first time.  "Oh mah
stars," she whispered in Charles' voice, "Ah really WAS dyin'!" 
Tears began forming in her eyes and Sally took her hand.
     "I don't think so," Bookshire said.  ""It may
have looked like a heart attack but Bunnie's heart is telling me
otherwise.  I don't have any fancy
instruments here, but your heart sounds fine.  No arrhythmia, no
audible sign of atrial defects, nothing that my training tells me
was supposed to show up in someone with a damaged heart."
     "It looked real enough to me, Bookshire," Sally said.
     "And y'all don't wanna know how real it FELT!"
     Just then there was a mild explosion outside.  Everyone
recognized it as the sound of Sonic returning to Knothole at full
throttle.  They looked toward the door as Sonic entered the hut.
     "Where's Sir Charles?" Bookshire asked.
     "No go, Doc.  I couldn't get him away from his post without
blowing his cover."
     "Did you at least talk to him?" Sally asked with more of an
edge than usual in her voice.
     "Yes, I talked to him," Sonic replied, making it clear by his
tone that he didn't appreciate being lectured to by anyone.  "I
gave him the whole story before I had to juice out of there."
     "And did you tell him that your carelessness has probably cost
us one of our best fighters and MY best friend?"
     "Hey, Sal, I put my hedgehog hide on the line getting that
sample!  Is that the thanks I get?"
     "Thanks!?  You're lucky I don't turn you over to Robotnik
myself!"
     "Be still!" Bookshire ordered.  "Both of you.  Did Sir Charles 
give you the information I asked for?"
     "Yeah.  He said he'd gotten a checkup two, maybe three months
before he was roboticized."
     "Did he say if his doctor told him anything about his heart?"
     "Uncle Chuck told me that his doctor said that he was in good
shape for someone his age, including his heart."
     "Well, SOMETHING happened to Bunnie's heart when she took on
that body."
     "Like what?"
     "I don't know. I thought maybe Uncle Chuck had
some kind of cardiac condition he could tell us about.  Frankly, I'm stumped."
     "But where does that leave me?" Bunnie asked.
     "I wish I knew, Bunnie.  I wish I knew."
     "So what now, Sal?" Sonic asked.
     "There's only one thing to do: you're going back there and get
the RIGHT sample this time!  And I'm coming along to make sure that
you do!"
     "Ah'm comin' with."  Bunnie started to sit up.
     "Sorry, Bunnie, you're staying here."
     "Mah bunny behind Ah'm stayin'.  This is mah bod we're talkin'
about!"
     "Bunnie," Bookshire said, "I wish you'd reconsider."
     "Booker, is mah heart OK or ain't it?"
     For what seemed to him like the thousandth time, Bookshire
took out his stethoscope, bent down and listened to Bunnie's heart. 
After a few seconds he stood up.
     "Your heart
sounds fine.  Don't ask me why, but it does.  Back in the old days I'd be
ordering you to undergo a dozen different tests and drafting an article
for the _Mobian Annals of Medicine_.  Seems like a lifetime ago."
     "Then Ah can go?"
     "I don't suppose there's any way I could stop you.  I know
you; once you get a notion in that bunny brain of yours there's no
way to get it out."
     Bookshire grinned, and Bunnie broke into a broad smile.  He
knew that she needed to hear from someone that she was still Bunnie
Rabbot under this foreign skin.
     "So you really are going?" Sally asked.
     "Only one thing'll keep me here."
     "What's that?"
     "If'n I have to listen to you and Sonic fussin' at each other
like little kids all the way there and back!"
     Sally smiled sheepishly and reached across the bed toward
Sonic with one hand.  "Truce?"
     "That's cool," Sonic replied as she took Sally's hand.
     "Y'know what?  Ah think Ah'm gonna LIKE bein' old enough to
tell you kids what to do!"
     "Don't get used to it, Bunnie," Sally said with a smile.

***

     It took a little longer for the three of them to leave
Knothole than Sonic had anticipated.  The first thing Bunnie did
after getting out of bed was to start rummaging through her
wardrobe.  After a few minutes she settled on a pair of lavender
jogging shorts that fit her hedgehog body reasonably well.  Before
she could select a top, though, Sally insisted that they get
moving.  They were well away from Knothole by the time Sally asked
Bunnie: "What was THAT all about?"
     "What do you mean?"
     "I just can't see what you needed to put those shorts on for."
     "Ah'm not used to runnin' around jaybird nekkid!"
     "You didn't seem to mind it when you were a kid."
     "Yeah," she said wistfully.  "What the hoo-ha happened,
anyway?"
     "Rosie and Julayla happened.  I guess they could see what was
going to happen as we got more mature.  They must've succeeded
somewhere along the way in getting you to wear clothes."
     "Unlike a certain princess who gets to show her bod around,"
Bunnie added with a smile.
     "You call this skinny thing a bod?" Sally asked, smiling back. 
For emphasis she straightened her vest, which fell too easily
across her chest.  "At least you had something to show for it when
you hit puberty.  You know, I really used to envy you back
when we were kids."
     "Really?"
     "Why do you think I always wore those stupid outfits with the
balloon pants?"
     "Didn't you tell me that that's what princesses wore?"
     "Princesses in storybooks, maybe.  I just didn't want anyone
making fun of how scrawny I was."
     Just then, Sonic fell back in his walking until he was closer
to them.
     "Do you mind, Sugar-hog?  This here's girl talk."
     "Uh...OK," he said, trying to process the fact that one of the
"girls" doing the talking was an older, male hedgehog.
     "And Ah'll thank you not to keep starin' at me, Sonic
Hedgehog!"
     "What are you talking about?"
     "Ah seen you tryin' to get a look at mah bust!"
     "Bunnie," Sally said as gently as she could, "You don't HAVE
a bust, remember?"
     Bunnie stopped.  She looked as if she'd been slapped in the
face, and Sally instantly wished she could take it back.  Bunnie
sat down on the nearby trunk of a fallen tree, put her face in her
hands, and began to cry.
     Sally looked toward Sonic, who could only stare.  "Sonic, WHAT
is your problem?" she whispered harshly.
     Sonic turned away from her.  Sally was about to let go with
another verbal volley when Sonic spoke.
     "I...I just remember the way Uncle Chuck used to be, before
Buttnik got hold of him.  He could handle anything!  I...I never
saw him cry like that before!  I guess it kinda freaked me out."
     "I'm sorry, Sonic," she said softly, "but you have to remember
that that's still Bunnie inside there."  She sat down next to her
friend.  "We'll get you your real body back, Bunnie.  It'll be OK."
     "You think so?" she sniffled.
     "Of course.  Now come on, we'd better get going."
     Bunnie rose and the three of them continued walking.  Sally
excused herself and fell back to where Sonic was
uncharacteristically bringing up the rear.
     "Look, Sonic, I don't think either of us really knows how deeply
Bunnie is feeling this.  I mean, this isn't as simple as when she
ended up being partly roboticized.  She lost a major part of
herself when she lost her femininity."
     "You mean it's a gland thing?"
     "Sonic, you're hopeless!  It has as much to do with Bunnie's
head and heart as it does with her hormones.  Look, how would you
feel if you lost the thing that defined who you are?"
     "You mean my speed?"
     "No."
     "My attitude?"
     "No way."
     "My suave good looks?"
     "Not even close!  Let me rephrase that: how would you feel if
you lost the thing that defines you as a male?"
     Sonic's brow furrowed as he considered the question.
     "Keep thinking about it, Sonic."  Sally then trotted ahead to
catch up with Bunnie.
     "What was that all about, Sally-girl?"
     "Just giving Sonic a little reality check.  I think it should
be sinking in right...about...."
     "HEY!" Sonic yelled out.  "Sal, that was LOW!"
     Sally and Bunnie exchanged glances.  "Males!" Sally said with
a smile.
     "Yeah, they're so dang cute when they're clueless."

***

     Soon enough, the three of them were leaving the precincts of
the Great Forest and wending their way through the darkened streets
of Robotropolis.  To Sonic's growing annoyance, Bunnie wasn't able
to keep up with him and Sally.  She stopped frequently to catch her
breath.  Sally, who was concerned that Bunnie's phantom heart
problem might recur, insisted that Sonic not set his usual
blistering pace.
     Finally, they neared the building where Sonic had found the
DNA samples: a warehouse-type structure in the shadow of Robotnik's
headquarters.
     "This is too close for MAH comfort, Sally-girl."
     "Well, coming along was your idea.  So Sonic, how did you get
inside?"
     "There's a ventilation shaft on the back of this place.  It
wasn't guarded the last time I was here.  Let me scope it out."
     Sonic dashed to the corner, then peeked around it.  He waved
to Sally and Bunnie to join him.
     "All clear, guys.  Follow me."
     Sonic removed the cover from the shaft, and the three freedom
fighters slipped into the building, making their way through the
labyrinth of the ventilation system.  A short time later, they were
standing in the building's foyer.
     "So far so good," Sonic said.
     "So far TOO good.  I don't like this."
     "Chill, Sal!  We're almost home free."
     "Where were the slides kept?"
     "Just in the next room."
     Slowly Sally opened the door.
     "See anything, Sally-girl?" Bunnie asked.
     "Nothing."
     "Too dark?"
     "Too empty."
     "Say WHAT?"
     "Sonic, there's nothing in there!"
     The three of them stepped inside.  A small overhead light
revealed a bare room.
     "Nice one, Sonic," Sally scolded.  "You picked the wrong
room!"
     "On the contrary," a deep voice purred from the darkness above
them, "as far as I'm concerned you're in just the right place."
     There was a metallic scraping sound to their right as the wall
slid upward.  On the other side stood Robotnik flanked by Snively
and eight SWATbots.
     "So, the little thief returns to the scene of the crime.  And
he's brought friends!  Why, Sir Charles.  You're looking rather...
YOURSELF these days.  I can only assume that you were able
to put your stolen property to good use.
     "You know, Sir Charles, lately I've come to regret my having
roboticized you.  I've never quite gotten over the feeling that
there's so much more in that hedgehog head of yours that you can
tell me."
     "You ain't gettin' nothin' outta me, Robotnik!" Bunnie
replied, momentarily forgetting that she WASN'T Sir Charles
Hedgehog.
     "My, my," Robotnik said as he clucked his tongue, "such
atrocious grammar!  I suppose that's what comes from spending your
time with these underage troublemakers."
     "Where'd you put those samples, Buttnik?"
     "Someplace safe, someplace where you won't get your thieving 
hands on them, rodent.  SWATbots!  Take them into custody."
     Four of the SWATbots surrounded Sonic, with two surrounding
each of the others.
     "Into the cells with those two.  My business is with this
thieving hedgehog.  I have some...unfinished business to attend
to."
     "Shall I activate the surveillance cameras in the cell bloc,
sir?"
     "Don't bother, Snively," he said after a moment's thought.  "I
want to give Sir Charles's nephew here my undivided attention. 
I'll deal with you later, Sir Charles, after I've dealt with your nephew
and your princess.  You should be in a more cooperative frame of 
mind by then."

***

     In a few minutes Sally and Bunnie were looking at each other
through heavy metal bars in small cells on opposite sides of a
narrow corridor.  The SWATbots which had escorted them into their
cells had left through the doors at both ends of the corridor,
leaving them alone.
     The moment the two of them were alone, Bunnie ran to the cell
door and immediately started tugging on it.
     "Bunnie, that won't do any good," Sally sighed.  "You don't
have a robotic arm any more, remember?"
     "Ah remember," she said as she continued to tug at the door. 
"But Ah gotta do somethin'!  Besides, Ah'm a freedom fighter and Ah
ain't givin' up without a..."
     Bunnie never finished the sentence.  She dropped to her knees. 
Her eyes shot wide open and her breathing sounded forced and
labored.  Sally then saw her clutching at her chest.
     "Bunnie?"
     Bunnie's mouth moved as if she were trying to speak, but no
sound came out.  She grabbed her left arm and winced in
pain.  Suddenly she let out a sound Sally had never heard before,
like a gasp and a cry all at once.  She dropped to the cell floor,
rolling onto her back.
     "Bunnie!"
     The figure in the opposite cell didn't answer, didn't move. 
Its chest neither rose nor fell.
     "Bunnie!" Sally sobbed out.  "Bunnie, I'm sorry!"  And she
dissolved into uncontrolled weeping.
     So great was Sally's grief that she neither saw nor heard what
was happening in the cell opposite hers.  Instead she first became
aware of the smell.  It was heavy and disagreeable, almost like
ozone.  Yet familiar, strangely familiar.  Where had she
encountered it before?
     Then it came to her!  Back in Knothole, when she and Bunnie
were looking at the holographic diorama of Robotropolis, the one
built by Uncle Chuck.  Back when they thought they had perfected a
deroboticizing technique after trying it out on Bunnie and Uncle
Chuck.  Just before Bunnie's deroboticized body began returning to
its old form.
     Sally looked up.  A cloud seemed to have formed around Bunnie. 
The smell was stronger now, and she could hear cracks of
electricity in the air.
     In a minute the cloud dissipated.  There on the floor of the cell,
wearing only a pair of jogging shorts, lay Bunnie, robotic limbs in place,
a hedgehog no longer.  She appeared to be as lifeless as a stone.
     "Oh, Bunnie," Sally moaned.  "Bunnie, I'm sorry I did this to
you."
     But Sally's grief was cut short as the body in the next cell
began to stir.  Sally held her breath as the young rabbit sat up,
her hand against her chest.
     "Oooo-wee!  What happened to mah...?"
     She stopped.  It was no longer the voice of Charles Hedgehog
that she heard; it was her own voice!  Looking down, she caught
sight of her breasts.  Her eyes widened and the corners of her
mouth began to draw upward.  Then she saw her roboticized limbs.
     "Bunnie!" Sally called out, unable to stay silent any longer,
"are you alright?"
     "Uh-huh," she said with growing delight, "and Ah ain't never
been so glad to see me!"  And she kissed the back of her metal
hand.
     Bunnie slowly got to her feet.  Sally was still worried that
something would go wrong, that Bunnie would have yet another
attack.  But she could tell from the look on Bunnie's face that her
friend was getting more of her old strength back every second. 
Bracing herself against the frame of the cell door, Bunnie gave it
a pull.  Slowly but surely, the door came away from the frame. 
Bunnie tossed it aside into the cell and stepped out into the
narrow hallway.
     At once a klaxon sounded and two SWATbots entered the
corridor, one from each end.  They raised their arms, blasters at
the ready.  "RETURN TO YOUR CELL IMMEDIATELY!" they ordered.
     Bunnie rose up on her mechanical legs until she was at eye
level with the bots.  "You talkin' to little ol' me?" she asked
demurely.
     The two SWATbots fired.  Just as they did so, Bunnie
telescoped her legs down and went into a crouch.  The two beams
passed over her head, each striking the bot at the other end of the
corridor.  The clatter of their fall echoed briefly.
     In a second, Bunnie had torn the door off of Sally's cell.  In
another second Sally had rushed out and thrown her arms around
Bunnie.
     "Oh, Bunnie!" Sally said as she fought back her tears.  "When
I saw you I thought..."
     "Never mind about that now, Sally-girl; we gotta get to
Sonic!"

***

     "You've eluded me more than once, rodent," Robotnik said as he
watched the gauges indicating that the roboticizer was nearly at
operational power.  "I'm almost sorry to see it end."
     "It ain't over yet, Buttnik!"
     "Insolent to the last.  You've been a tenacious adversary.  I
like that in a slave.  Snively!"
     "Yes sir?"
     "Is the roboticizer ready?"
     "Just ready, sir."
     "Then let's...how would the little rodent say it...do it to
it."
     Sonic was placed standing up on the platform of the
roboticizer, and a large glass tube began to lower toward him. 
Robotnik broke out into a malicious grin as he set his hand on the
control panel.
     Suddenly the door to the room jumped off its hinges, falling
into the room with a loud crash.  On the other side was Bunnie, one
robotic leg hoisted in the air; the outside of the door bore a
clear imprint of her foot.
     A moment later, Sally ran into the room, ducking behind a
large power transformer near the doorway.  The SWATbots in the room
immediately began to target the heavy piece of equipment, pinning
Sally down with withering blaster fire.
     That was the moment Bunnie was waiting for.  She ran into the
room and, with her robotic arm, slid the glass tube of the roboticizer
up toward the ceiling.  She looked at Sonic, who could only stare at her.
     "What're you waitin' for, Sugar-hog?  Quit starin' and start
tearin'!"
     That seemed to bring Sonic out of his trance.  He immediately
dashed toward the SWATbots, getting their attention.
     "INTERCEPT HEDGEHOG!  PRIORITY ONE!"
     The SWATbots immediately turned their attention toward Sonic,
who then began weaving in and around Robotnik and his equipment. 
Sally and Bunnie dashed toward a nearby air shaft.  Bunnie then tore
off the cover.  Now all they needed was for Sonic to get them out of there.
     Yet at the same moment that Sonic was running rings around
Robotnik, Bunnie happened to catch her reflection in a highly-
polished access plate.  Immediately her eyes popped open and her
face flushed.  It hadn't really sunk in until that moment that she
was still topless!
     Just then Robotnik, who had been trying to visually
follow Sonic's dizzying movements, succumbed to a loss of balance
and fell over.  Sonic made a dash toward the air shaft, but stopped
short as Bunnie ran away from the shaft and toward Robotnik.  Before
anyone could say anything, Bunnie had ripped the cape off of
Robotnik's back and began draping it around herself.
     "Bunnie, come on!" Sally yelled.
     "Hold on, Sally-girl."
     "Forget it, Bunnie," Sonic added.  "This breakout's a come-as-
you-are party."
     "Ah AM still a lady, Sonic!"
     "You're gonna be a lady bot if we don't juice!"
     Apparently satisfied that she was sufficiently draped, Bunnie
finally joined Sally as the two of them hung onto Sonic.  Powered
by Sonic's speed, they sped off into the maze of air shafts and
guided by Nicole made their way to safety.

***

     "ANALYSIS COMPLETED, SALLY."
     Bunnie, Sally and Sonic walked on through the Great Forest
toward Knothole.  For the past few minutes, they had waited with
varying degrees of impatience for Nicole to come up with some
explanation as to what had just happened.
     "So what's the word, Nicole?" Sonic asked.
     "DEROBOTICIZING PROCESS APPEARS TO BE HIGHLY UNSTABLE.  WHEN
SUBJECT UNDERGOES EXTREME STRESS, THERE IS A 94.472 PERCENT
POSSIBILITY OF REVERSION TO PREVIOUS PHYSICAL FORM WITH SYMPTOMS
RESEMBLING THOSE OF A CARDIAC EMERGENCY."
     "In English, Nicole!" Sonic prompted.
     "IT DIDN'T WORK, AND WHEN BUNNIE STARTED TO CHANGE BACK IT
LOOKED LIKE SHE WAS HAVING A HEART ATTACK."
     "Thanks, Nicole," Sally said as she shut the computer and
reattached it to her boot.  "I'm sorry it didn't work out, Bunnie,
but Bookshire will be glad to know there's nothing wrong with your
heart after all.  And so am I," she added as she put an arm around
her friend.  "Hope I didn't worry you too much with all that fuss
I made about it."
     "Worry me?  Y'all just about turned me into an old gray hare
from worrying!  But Ah know it was because you cared," she added
with a smile.
     As they approached the fringes of Knothole, Bunnie stopped. 
Sonic and Sally turned.  "What's wrong?" Sally asked.
     "Sally-girl, could y'all go to mah hut and get me something Ah
can change into?  Ah really don't wanna wear this cape but Ah don't
wanna walk around half-nekkid, neither."
     "Sure, Bunnie.  But I wouldn't be ashamed of that cape if I
were you.  That's a great trophy!  Come on, Sonic."
     "Uh, Sal, I got something I want to say to Bunnie in
private."
     "OK," she said dubiously as she left the two of them together.
     "Listen, Bunnie, I got you into this mess by grabbing the
wrong slide.  I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry."
     Bunnie didn't say anything.  She just looked at Sonic out of the
corner of her eye.
     "Hey, I wouldn't blame you if you were still mad at me."
     "Shoot," Bunnie said with a grin, "Ah could never stay mad at
you, Sugar-hog."
     "So we're still friends, right?"
     "Sure.  It was a rough ride but Ah'm back to where Ah was
before.  And mah old bod sure did come in handy when Ah had
to bust outta that cell.  So Ah guess there's no harm done."
     "Cool!  Bunnie?"
     "Uh huh?"
     "Can I say one more thing?"
     "What?"
     "You should really go topless more often!"
     Sally walked back into the Great Forest, one of Bunnie's
outfits over one arm.  She told herself that she should be more
disappointed because it looked like this particular method of
deroboticization was going to be a dead end.  Mostly, though
she was relieved that Bunnie was all right and that life in
Knothole was going to get back to normal.
     So it came as something of a shock to see Bunnie storming
toward her, no longer wearing Robotnik's cape.  She       ed the
outfit from Sally, cut off any potential conversation with a curt
"Don't ask!", and still topless tromped on toward Knothole.
     Going a little further along the trail, Sally came across
Sonic sitting on the ground, struggling with Robotnik's cape which
had been securely wrapped around his head.  He was saying something
that was muffled by the garment, something that sounded like: "Hey,
can't you take a joke?"
     Sally rolled her eyes and shook her head.  After all, she
reminded herself, some days THIS was normal!

                             THE END

