

                         A MATTER OF TRUST
                    A Sonic the Hedgehog story
                       by Daniel J. Drazen
                        drazen@andrews.edu


Pause for bourgeois legalities: This story is copyright (c)1996
by the author, who grants permission to reproduce and distribute
it, so long as A) you don't screw around with it and leave the
text as it is, and B) you don't try and make a buck off of it. 
If you're serious about the latter, drop me a line at
drazen@andrews.edu and we'll discuss my cut.  All the normal
provisions of Title 17 (the U.S. Copyright Law) still apply.

Based on characters and situations created by Sega Corporation,
Archie Comics and/or DiC Productions.  Bookshire Draftwood
appears in this story courtesy of David Pistone Talent
Associates.  There are terms used in this story which may be
unfamiliar to some readers; they are advised to do some lurking
in alt.rec.sport.pro-wrestling.







     This was the part Sonic always hated.
     He didn't mind checking in with his Uncle Chuck, who worked
for the Freedom Fighters as a spy in Robotnik's midst.  He
enjoyed seeing him, despite the fact that Uncle Chuck's body had
been roboticized.  What he hated was leaving.
     "One of these days, Uncle Chuck, I'm checkin' you out of
this dump and gettin' you back to Knothole so we can deroboticize
you."
     "Nobody's looking forward to it more than I am, Sonie, but
until they've got the bugs worked out of the system, I'm needed
here."
     "I know.  But it still stinks!"
     "That's what I get for building a hideout in a garbage
dump," he smiled.  "Now scoot."
     Sonic gave his Uncle a hug, said "Be cool!" and jammed off
into the twilight streets of Robotropolis.
     As he ran the well-known streets to the edge of the city,
Sonic wondered how soon it would be before he could make good on
his promise to Uncle Chuck.  Some days, it seemed as if the
Freedom Fighters of Mobius weren't making any headway against
Robotnik.  They were able to slow down Robotnik and his spoiling
of the planet, but there still didn't seem to be a way of rolling
it back and returning things to the way they were.
     These thoughts so preoccupied Sonic that he almost didn't
hear the approaching whine of SWATbot patrols.  He ducked down an
alley just in time.  He could hear the SWATbot intercom:
      "ALL UNITS IN SECTORS D4, D6, AND D7.  ASSISTANCE NEEDED IN
SECTOR D5.  RESPOND IMMEDIATELY!"
     Strange.  Usually there were enough SWATbots patrolling a
given area to take care of anything.  If they needed that much
backup, they must be up against something big!  Sonic couldn't
resist--he had to check this out!
     Following the SWATbot hover unit from a discreet distance,
Sonic trailed it to an area adjacent to the trash heap that was
one of the Freedom Fighter rendezvous points.  Afraid that one of
his comrades was in danger, he cautiously approached to get a
better look.
     He saw a number of SWATbots...at least a dozen...converging
on someone, someone Sonic didn't recognize.  It was a badger.  He
was tall and built like a barrel.  Two leatherlike straps crossed
his muscular chest and held up a belt from which hung two small
hatchets.  The badger was using a third ax--a double-headed ax on
a long, stout pole--to ward off the SWATbots.  He'd already
destroyed several SWATbots with it, judging from the pieces on
the ground.
     Sonic had heard that there were few things on Mobius as
impressive as a badger in combat, but he hadn't really believed
it until now.  The badger didn't just lash out blindly as the
SWATbots tried to approach.  He made the most of every move,
making sure that every backswing was at least as effective and as
lethal as every thrust.  But it was clear that the badger was
beginning to tire and that the SWATbots would soon have him.  The
fact that the badger hadn't been blasted meant that he was
supposed to be taken alive.
     Not if Sonic the Hedgehog had anything to say about it!
     "It's time to play 'Bowling for Bots!'" Sonic announced. 
The SWATbots turned.
     "HEDGEHOG--PRIORITY ONE!  APPREHEND...."
     But the SWATbot never finished his sentence, for Sonic had
gone into Sonic Spin mode and simply plowed into the SWATbots.  A
second later, only two were standing.
     "Stand back, big guy," Sonic said to the badger, "I've got
to pick up the spare."
     Using the spin again, Sonic plowed into one bot, ricocheted
off him and took out the other one.  He turned back to the
badger.
     "Are you OK?"
     But the badger didn't answer.  Instead, his eyes narrowed
and he pulled one of the smaller hatchets from his belt.  Before
Sonic could say or do anything, the badger hurled it in Sonic's
direction.   It missed the hedgehog, sailing over his head.  The
next thing Sonic knew, he heard a dull, metallic CLANG.  He
turned to see one of the SWATbots he thought he had taken out
still standing, but it now had a badger hatchet buried in its
head.  It shuddered for an instant and then fell to the ground. 
Sonic turned to the badger, extending a hand.
     "Whoa, I owe you one, fella!"
     But the badger didn't say anything right away.  He only
looked at Sonic with a curious expression, as if he were coming
out of a trance.
     "Sonic?  Sonic Hedgehog?" he finally asked in a deep, smooth voice.
     "That's my name--don't wear it out."
     A broad smile slowly crossed the badger's face. "Sonic...
Sonic, it's me!  Spartacus!"
     The hedgehog's eyes widened.  "No way!" he squealed.
     "Yes way!"
     The two embraced, which was easier for the badger who was half again 
as tall as Sonic.  It was rather like a child hugging a doll, and Sonic
came off the worse for it.  When the badger
loosened his grip, Sonic was still gasping for air.  "Man," Sonic
finally said, "you've gotten...HUGE!"
     "You think I'm big, you should see Adonis!"
     "Hey, we'd better get out of here before we tangle with any
more bots."
     Sonic led Spartacus through the dump, down the twisting path
known to the Knothole Freedom Fighters.  Several minutes later,
Sonic and Spartacus paused in the evening shade at the edge of
the Great Forest.  Waiting in the shadows were two figures: Tails
and Antoine.
     "Sonique, what is the meandering of this?  Who is this
stranger?"
     "This 'stranger' was once my best bud when I was a kid. 
Spartacus, this is my pal, Tails.  And that's Antoine."
     "Hi!" Tails said as he shook the badger's massive hand. 
Antoine, however, seemed even stiffer and more aloof than usual. 
     "And wherefore were you doing in the dumps?" he asked the
badger.
     "Making a mistake I'll never make again!  For the last four
months now, we badgers haven't been able to work our traditional
mines in the hills north of the Great Forest because of increased
SWATbot activity.  As a result, we haven't been able to fashion
new weapons.  I thought I could find some high-quality metal to
bring back to our smiths to forge into ax heads.  Instead all I
found was scrap.  And then the SWATbots found me.  I was fighting
them off when Sonic showed up and saved my life."
     "How is it you are knowing Sonique?"
     "We go way back, Ant," Sonic began.  "We were both like five
years old when he came to Mobotropolis."
     "My family lived deep in the Great Forest with the other
badgers of our clan.  But about that time my father got very
sick, and it was more than our healers could handle.  So my
mother, my brother Adonis and I brought our father to
Mobotropolis, to the hospital."
     "And did they help him get better?" Tails asked.
     "My father was in the hospital for three months, but he
never seemed to get better.  Finally he died.  That's when I got
this," he said as he indicated a long diagonal scar across his
chest.  "I was cut to mourn his passing.
     "I'd never been in the city before and I guess it showed.  I
got teased pretty badly by some of the other kids.  Until Sonic
stood up for me."
     "Hey, it just seemed to me like you needed a friend."
     "And you were a good friend, Sonic.  I...I only wish I could
have told you when my father died.  But we left Mobotropolis with his
body at the first opportunity, to bury him with his fathers. 
This is our way.  And as it turned out, we left the city two days
before Robotnik took over."
     "Talk about your great timing!" Sonic said.  "I wondered
what happened to you; it was like you just disappeared."
     "When a badger dies, his family turns its back on the world for a
time of mourning.  But what about yourself, Sonic?  How have you fared?"
     "Better than fair.  We're freedom fighters, living in
Knothole."
     The badger's brow furrowed.  "Knothole?  I've never heard of
it."
     "It is just as well, for we are needing to keep it a
secretion," Antoine said with more than a hint of nervousness in
his voice.  "In factuality, we must be returning there *tout
suite*!"
     "But..." Sonic began.
     "I understand," Spartacus said.  "I have to get back to the
clan myself.  But can you meet me here tomorrow at noon?  So we
can catch up on old times?"
     "No prob!" Sonic said, getting in a quick elbow shot to
Antoine's ribs to prevent further interruption.
     "Fine.  It really is good to see you again, Sonic.  Until
tomorrow, then."  And with that, the badger turned and walked
into the Great Forest.  He moved with a speed and a quietness
that belied his size, and he was soon lost from sight.
     "Hey, Ant!  Who put the starch in YOUR shorts?"
     "About what are you talking?"
     "You know about what I'm talking!  Spartacus was my bud, and
you treated him like pond scum!"
     "We will see what the Princess has to be saying about this!"
 And with that, Antoine turned and headed back for Knothole.
     "Wow!" Tails whispered.  "I've never seen Antoine so uptight
before!"
     "Aw, he's just being his usual obnoxious self.  Let's give
him a head start; I'll bet you BOTH of us can still beat him back
to Knothole."

     
     If Sonic had hoped that Sally would be more understanding
than Antoine, he was in for a surprise when he returned to
Knothole (after having left Antoine in his dust) and told Sally
about his reunion with Spartacus.
     "And you believed his story?" was what Sally said.  Sonic
was shocked.
     "Of course I believed it!"
     Sally's brow furrowed.  She consulted her hand-held
computer.  "Nicole, verify."
     "LATEST INTELLIGENCE REPORTS INDICATE INCREASED ACTIVITY BY
ROBOTNIK IN THE MOUNTAINS NORTH OF THE GREAT FOREST.  HIGH
PROBABILITY THAT SUCH ACTIVITY WOULD DISRUPT TRADITIONAL BADGER
MINING...."
     "That's enough, Nicole," Sally said as she closed up the
computer.
     "So where's my apology, Sal?"
     "Don't hold your breath waiting for it, Sonic."
     "What's with you, Sal?  This isn't like the time when we ran
into Ari -- I KNOW Spartacus!"
     "Sonic, I don't want to believe you've forgotten EVERYTHING
you ever learned.  Don't you remember anything about the Clan
Wars?"
     "The who?"
     "This is hopeless!  Between the 24th and 28th centuries, the
badger clans were split into two factions.  One faction
challenged the legitimacy of the House of Acorn to rule Mobius
and waged war against it.  The other faction defended the House
of Acorn."
     "OK, so some of the badger clans and the House of Acorn
didn't get along; so what?"
     "So during that time, there were six attempts made against
the lives of members of the House of Acorn; four of them
succeeded."
     "Sal, this is ancient history!  What's all this got to do
with Spartacus?"
     Sally paused for a moment.  "Look, just promise me one
thing: don't tell him or show him where Knothole is located."
     "C'mon, Sal, you know I'd never do anything stupid like that!"
     "Just promise, OK?"
     "OK, OK!  All of a sudden I need some fresh air," he added
as he dashed out of Sally's hut and headed for the pond.
     Antoine, who had heard most of the conversation, sat down on a
nearby chair.  "You were handling that very well, my Princess."
     "No I didn't." Sally sat down on the edge of her bed, her chin
resting in her hands.  "I totally blew it!"
     "What was it to be blowing?"
     "Antoine...I was afraid."
     "But you were having every reason...."
     "But what if Sonic's right?  What if it IS all ancient
history?"
     "Then I am supposing you are not having anything to be
worried about to meet this friend of Sonique's."
     "Antoine, you're absolutely right!"  Sally rose and, after
giving Antoine a kiss on the cheek, left her hut to find Sonic. 
Antoine was confused by Sally's meaning, but having been on the
receiving end of a kiss from her he didn't care that much.


     "Tell me again why you're doing this. Sal."  
     Sonic and Sally arrived at the appointed spot just before
noon.  Sonic had been just as confused as Antoine about Sally's
about-face on Sonic's meeting with Spartacus, but Sally still hadn't
explained why she now insisted on accompanying Sonic to the rendezvous.
     "If I thought you could understand...."
     "Hey, try me!"
     "Not yet.  When is your friend, uh..."
     "Spartacus."
     "Spartacus.  When's he supposed to be here?"
     "I'm here now."
     Both Sonic and Sally jumped at the voice behind them.  It
was indeed Spartacus, this time with only one hatchet hanging
from his belt.
     "Man, where'd you learn to be so quiet?  And where'd you
come from, anyway?"
     "Part of it is training in stalking; the rest comes
naturally.  As for where I came from, I came down that trail."
     Sonic looked for several seconds.  "WHAT trail?" he finally
asked.
     "There's always a trail, if you know how to look for one. 
It's all part of my training as a tracer -- one who follows
tracks through the forest.  The elders tell me I'm pretty good at
it.  But enough about me; who's your friend?"
     "Spartacus, this is Sally."
     "Pleased to meet you."  For several seconds, Sally could
only stare at him while three words ran through her mind: "Drop
dead gorgeous!"
     "Likewise," she said finally.
     "I didn't know that you'd be bringing her, Sonic.  Are you
two...?"
     "No way!"
     "Spartacus," Sally broke in, "I came with Sonic because I
need to know something.  I need to know how your clan feels about
the House of Acorn."
     Spartacus paused for several seconds.  Sonic was sure he
could see his old friend's face flush crimson.
     "It's to our...shame...that some badgers still want to
fight the old battles.  They're mostly old badgers who entertain
old notions.  The younger warriors, those of my generation, know
that Robotnik is the true enemy.  Why do you ask?"
     "Because I loved, and have lost, someone very close to the
throne of the last Acorn King.  And if this should get in the way
of your friendship with Sonic...."
     "Don't worry about it," Spartacus said gently, resting a
massive paw reassuringly on her shoulder.  "When I deal with
Sonic, I see only him.  And when I deal with Sonic's friends, I
see only that friendship and I respect it."
     "Thank you, Spartacus."
     "So, what is this 'Knothole' place you mentioned?"
     For the next several hours, Sonic and Spartacus reviewed for
each other the lives they had lived since their parting as
children.  Sonic mentioned as much as he could about Knothole
without giving away its position.  He also failed to mention that
Sally was, herself, of the House of Acorn, and that she had been
speaking of her father earlier on when she spoke of her loss.
     Spartacus, for his part, described life among a badger clan.
It was a rugged life with few physical comforts -- fewer, even,
than Knothole -- and one given over to preserving the old ways of
the clan.  Yet Sally detected a note of disenchantment in
Spartacus's voice.
     "I sometimes ask myself," Spartacus told her, "what the
point is of learning to fight if there's no opponent to fight. 
Sonic told you of my encounter with the SWATbots; in some ways I
was unprepared to fight them."
     "You didn't look that unprepared to ME!" Sonic chimed in.
     "Thanks, but we've never really trained to fight Robotnik or
his forces.  I feel there's much we can learn from your
experiences."
     "Then why not fight by our side, and learn from us?" Sally
asked.
     "Such a matter would have to come before our clan elders,
many of whom still think the House of Acorn is the true enemy of
badgers.  They consider Robotnik to be something best left
alone."
     "Well, why don't you kick some of those old guys out of
their jobs?"
     "You don't know our ways, Sonic.  The power they hold over
the clan is due to their length of days and experience in combat.
It will be a while before enough of them rest with their fathers
for the old prejudice to become the minority view."
     "Man, I'd sure like to tell those old guys what's really
happening to Mobius!"
     "Why don't you?"
     "Huh?"
     "Come visit the clan tomorrow evening, as my guests and as
my friends.  Put your case before them.  The worst that can
happen is that they'll reject your proposal."
     "Will they let us in?" Sally asked.  "We ARE outsiders, and
not of the clan."
     "You have also fought against Robotnik most of your lives. 
They will respect you for that, if for no other reason."
     Sally considered it for a few seconds.  "Very well, then:
tomorrow evening."  She extended a hand and Spartacus took hold
of it.
     "Agreed.  Meet me back here an hour before sunset; I'll
guide you to the clan myself."
     Soon, Spartacus had once more melted back into the Great
Forest.
     "Come on, Sonic, let's get back to Knothole."
     "Nothin' doin', Sal."  Sonic stayed rooted to the spot, his
arms crossed in front of him.
     "Now what?"
     "Seems to me that someone here owes someone else here an
apology."
     "You're right," Sally admitted, "I'm sorry I distrusted your
friend.  I shouldn't have been so suspicious."
     "That's better!  Now, why can't you say that more often?"
     "Why can't you be right more often?"
     And the banter continued all the way back to Knothole.


     The following evening, there were four Knothole freedom
fighters waiting for Spartacus.  Sonic and Sally were joined by
Bunnie and Antoine.  Sally thought that the badger clan might not
appreciate what would happen if they were to let Robotnik
continue unchecked.  So Bunnie was along as sort of a visual aid.
Antoine, who had shared Sally's apprehension that the badgers
would continue to keep the old grudge alive and might attempt to
harm Sally if they learned she was of the House of Acorn,
insisted on going along to protect Sally.  Sally finally relented
(over Sonic's strenuous objections).  This was actually a second
reason why Bunnie was coming along: to keep an eye on Antoine as
he kept an eye on Sally.
     At the appointed time, Spartacus stepped noiselessly into
the clearing.
     "Ooo-wee!" Bunnie whispered.  "Sally-girl, you weren't half-
kiddin' about them badgers!  Ah hope they got a few more like
this one!"
     "He DID say he has a brother."
     "You've brought quite a few friends, Sonic," Spartacus
observed.
     "Yeah, well, we're kind of a team.  You've met Sal and
Antoine; this is Bunnie."
     Spartacus shook her hand and stared at her for a few
seconds.  "I don't understand; where's the rest of your armor?"
     "This ain't armor, sugar.  This is little ol' me after
Robotnik got his hands on me."
     "We were able to save Bunnie, but not before Robotnik did
his share of damage.  I'm hoping to convince the elders of the
clan that they can avert this danger."
     Spartacus considered Bunnie for a few more seconds.  "It may
be difficult; some badgers would consider this an improvement."
     "It's not what you think.  How can I put this so you'll
understand?  When a creature is roboticized, they're given a
warrior's body but they're robbed of a warrior's heart."
     "Is this true?"
     "Yes.  Once you're roboticized, you no longer have a will of
your own; you can only carry out the bidding of Robotnik."
     "That IS a consideration.  As long as you put it in those
terms, there may be a chance the elders will listen to you."
     "Way to go, Sal!" Sonic whispered.
     "Thanks, but we haven't made our case yet."
     They walked on through the Great Forest, with Spartacus
leading the way.  Though the light was beginning to fail, the
Knothole Freedom Fighters instantly recognized a small clearing
they passed through several minutes later.  Spartacus said
nothing about it, but the others knew that they had just crossed
a seldom-used trail that was a shortcut back to Knothole.  They
kept it in mind for future reference.
     It was just as the sun was setting that they heard sounds up
ahead: deep and gruff voices speaking a strange tongue, the high-
pitched cries and shouts of small children, and someone telling a
cadenced story to the accompaniment of a simple skin drum.  They
knew from the way Spartacus lengthened his stride that they were
nearing his home.
     The badger settlement was a seemingly haphazard array of
stick-and-mud lodges built so that their doorways faced a central
clearing.  Small cooking fires burned in front of many of them,
boiling the contents of iron pots.
     As Spartacus entered the clearing, conversation dimmed and
all eyes turned on his guests.  The Knothole Freedom Fighters
didn't exactly feel welcome as the badgers silently scrutinized
them.  Sally saw one small boy, a mere toddler, holding tightly
to one of his mother's leg with one hand while in the other hand
he brandished a wooden spoon as if it were a sword.
     "Not exactly the red carpet treatment, is it?" Sally
whispered to Bunnie.
     The mood changed appreciably as they were directed to
Spartacus' hut.  Outside, bent over a fire, was an elderly female
badger who gave the travellers the first kind look they'd
received so far.  Forgetting about the contents of the pot, she
walked up to them and took Sonic's hands in one of her own.
     "So your old friend has grown up, my son."
     "Yes, Mother.  This is my mother, Diana."
     "Yeah, I remember you from when you were in Mobotropolis."
     "That was too many sunsets ago, I'm afraid," she chuckled. 
"But let's get your friends something to eat.  Adonis!"
     Out of the hut stepped the impossible: a badger even larger
and more powerful-looking than Spartacus.  "Adonis, your
brother's friends are here.  Fetch bowls for them."
     "But Mother, I was on my way to target practice."
     "You can hurl axes with your friends after you've showed our
guests some common courtesy."
     "They're not MY guests," he muttered as he retreated back
into the lodge.  He emerged a few seconds later with a stack of
carved wooden bowls.  Diana began ladling a thick stew into them
and passing them to the Freedom Fighters.  Sally noticed that
there weren't any spoons or forks being passed around; a quick
glance at some other families taking their evening meal confirmed
her suspicion, and she began to scoop the contents out of the
bowl with her hand, bringing it to her mouth.  The others
followed suit, the fastidious Antoine with the greatest
reluctance.
     "This is very good, Diana," Sally said.
     "Thank you, child.  And you may call me 'Mother' if it
pleases you."
     "It's a common way of showing respect," Spartacus added.
     "Thank you, but it's because of what has happened to our own
mothers and fathers that we're here.  Spartacus, when can we
speak to the clan elders?"
     "It's customary to wait until after the evening's
festivities."
     "And even then you may not be heard!" someone croaked. 
Everyone turned around.
     An extremely old badger shuffled toward them, so old that
two young males held up his arms on either side to enable him
to walk.  He stared at the Knothole residents with dark, beady
eyes.
     "Sophocles!" Diana scolded, "you just about scared the life
out of my son's guests."
     "As if that gives them the right to address the clan elders!
I know why you're here.  You can't fight your own battles, so you
want us to do your work for you.  Well, you'll get no help from
us, I assure you!"  He motioned with one hand to move off in
another direction, and the two younger badgers changed course.
     "It's because we fight better than any animal on Mobius.  We
fight better.  We hunt better.  I can still smell a member of the
cursed House of Acorn a mile away!"  He rambled on in a similar
vein until he was out of earshot.  The Knothole Freedom Fighters
exchanged a glance that communicated the same message: "It's a
good thing he can't smell one any closer!"
     "Pay no mind to Sophocles," Diana assured the others.  "When
it comes to remembering the old glory of the clan, he's the worst
of the lot."
     "I take it he's a clan elder," Sally observed, handing her
bowl to Diana for a second helping.
     "The head elder.  Who's the elder of your clan?"
     "We have none.  We live together and fight against Robotnik
together."
     "What is a 'Robotnik'?"
     "Robotnik isn't a what, he's a...."
     "Save it for the elders, Sal," Sonic said.


     The meal continued with polite conversation; the Freedom
Fighters made sure the subject of Robotnik didn't come up again. 
It was going to be a hard enough sell to the elders if the rest
of them were anything like Sophocles.  Sonic helped Spartacus
clean up after the meal -- the badgers considered this "sons'
work" -- while the others left to take part in the evening's
festivities before the meeting.
     The "festivities" of the evening, like every other evening,
weren't organized.  Some badgers took ax in hand and used a
designated tree for target practice.  Others engaged in a tug-of-
war with a stout rope.  Bunnie and Sally wandered over to a
crowd of badgers and saw that they were arm-wrestling on an old
tree stump.  Adonis was among them.
     "You!" he barked, pointing to Bunnie.  "Let's see what that
arm can do."
     Amid the cheers of the badgers, Sally tried walking away.
     "C'mon, Sally-girl!  They asked for it!"
     Bunnie demurely seated herself on one side of the stump
while Adonis knelt on the other side.  She offered her left hand
to Adonis, who wrapped his own around it.  At a signal, the
contest began.
     At first it seemed as if neither contestant had heard the
signal.  But after a few seconds the crowd realized that both
contestants were exerting equal strength and that neither had an
advantage.  Then the action began in earnest.  For the next three
minutes the momentum shifted from one to the other; just when
Bunnie seemed about to pin Adonis, the badger would let out a
roar and raise his hand from the stump, or Bunnie, her hand an
inch away from the surface, would raise it up as slowly as a
sunrise.  One of the badgers tried declaring the contest a draw;
most of the watching crowd disapproved of his attempt.  They
wanted a fight to the finish.  Finally, after five minutes that
seemed like an eternity, Adonis slowly worked Bunnie's hand to
the stump.  It barely grazed the wood but it was enough; Adonis
was declared the winner to the cheers of the crowd.  Adonis
extended a hand to Bunnie, who shook it, then got up and began
walking back to Diana's hut with Sally walking beside her.     
     "That was very gracious of you, Bunnie," Sally whispered.
     "'Gracious,' mah bunny behind!  Ah just about blew a
gasket!"
     "You mean he actually beat you?"
     "Sally-girl, you do NOT want to get on the bad side of these
here badgers!  Sorry Ah let our team down," she added.
     "Look on the bright side; maybe they won't think your
'armor' is such a good thing after all."
     Antoine, meanwhile, had been content to watch several
badgers engage in target practice using hatchets.  Unfortunately,
he was not content to simply watch.
     "Hey, Blue Coat!" one of the badgers yelled.  "Let's see
what you got!"
     "*Certainment*!" Antoine replied.  He walked up to the line
where the badgers had been standing; the target tree suddenly
looked a mile away.  Someone handed him a hatchet.
     It was then that Antoine discovered that a badger hatchet
was a large ax to most Mobians.  The thing must have weighed at
least as much as he himself.  But to his credit, he tried. 
Grabbing the handle with both hands, he hurled it with all his
might.  Unfortunately, all his might didn't amount to much and he
managed to sink the axhead into the ground in front of him.  He
struggled to maintain his composure while the badgers around him
roared with laughter.
     "You may have better luck with that one!" one badger said,
pointing to a nearby ax resting on the ground, handle pointing
straight upward.  Determined to better his last performance,
Antoine walked over to it,  reached over behind his head, seized
the handle and gave a tremendous heave.
     But Antoine's string of bad luck remained unbroken.  The ax
was a trick; the handle was only loosely fitted into the axhead
and it came out cleanly.  The momentum of Antoine's heave carried
him forward and he landed flat on his face as the badgers once
more burst into gales of laughter.
     Antoine still tried to salvage a measure of dignity from
the debacle.  "You are having some activities that are a bit more
...philosophical?" 
     At this, a badger named Brutus laughed heartily.  "Oh, so
it's something 'philosophical' you want.  Perhaps you'd like to
engage in a little something we badgers call 'squaring the
circle.'"
     "Ah, the geometricals!  *Oui*, I would be enjoying that very
much more."
     The badgers cleared a spot between four stout trees.  Tying
a rope to the trunk of one tree, they ran it around the other
trees until it had formed a rough square.  Brutus then stepped
through the ropes into the center, motioning for Antoine to
follow.  As he did so, a crowd of badgers gathered around.
     Only then did Antoine discover that what the badgers called
"squaring the circle" was a euphemism for no-holds-barred
wrestling.  Antoine scrambled to get out of the ring, but he was
either pulled back in by Brutus, or if he did managed to get even
halfway out another badger would pick him up by the scruff of the
neck and throw him back in.
     Sonic, having finished helping Diana clear away the dishes,
worked his way to the edge of the ring, where Sally joined him a
second later.  They had both heard Antoine's all-too-familiar
scream, a signal that he had once more gotten in over his head.
     "Oh my gosh!  Sonic, we've got to do something; he'll get
killed in there!"
     At that moment, however, Antoine became aware that Sally was
at ringside.  In accordance with the logic of chivalry, this was
Antoine's cue to attempt the impossible for the sake of his
princess.  He ran straight for Brutus, as if to tackle him.
     Antoine's attempt came to nothing; the badger simply put
Antoine into a bear hug and practically squeezed the life out of
him, then followed that up with a belly-to-belly suplex.  The
three-count to signal the end of the match was a formality.
     While Brutus acknowledged the cheers of the crowd, Antoine
was picked up by the scruff of the neck and placed outside the
ring.  Sonic and Sally ran up to him, picked him up into an
uncertain yet upright pose, and guided him back to Diana's
hut.  His eyes were wide open but unfocused.
     "Yo, Ant!  You OK?"
     "*Sachez que je suis a votre disposition.*"
     "Say what!?"
     "*Je pars dans quelques moments.*"  Having said that, he
passed out.
     "Antoine!"
     "Forget it, Sal, nobody's home."
     They left Antoine to sleep it off and resumed watching the
next wrestling match, this one between two badgers of similar
size and strength.  After a few seconds, though, someone stepped
in front of them to block their view.  It was Sophocles.
     "You thought I'd forgotten about you two," he croaked.  "I
may be old, but my memory is still good."
     "I'm sure it is," Sally said in a bid to be diplomatic.
     "I remember.  I especially remember every injustice we
badgers have suffered at the hand of the Acorn kings."    "I'm sure other badgers have other memories," she replied
coolly as she turned her attention to the match.
     "Yes, they remember the time before the Acorn kings, when
the throne of Mobius was held in honor."  Sophocles, too, kept
his eyes on the ring.
     "Mobius hasn't been cursed with evil rulers; not until
Robotnik, at any rate."
     "Even his rule is preferable to the cowards of the House of
Acorn."
     "Then you'd rather see Robotnik on the throne than a member
of the House of Acorn?"
     "I'd rather see the throne smashed!  The Acorn Kings have
thoroughly corrupted it!"
     It was a curious conversation that they engaged in.  Both
Sally and Sophocles kept their eyes on the wrestlers, never
making eye contact with each other.  This style -- known as "side
talk" -- had evolved into a ritual language of mutual insults in
the royal court of Mobius.  If cool heads prevailed, such a
conversation would NOT be a prelude to a duel.
     Clearly, however, this wasn't happening.  Eventually, only a
handful of badgers and the two wrestlers hadn't stopped to listen
to the conversation.  Antoine, who had sufficiently recovered his
wits, had joined Sonic and Bunnie to listen as well.  Both of
them noticed that Antoine was pale with fright.
     "The House of Acorn has never been, and never will be, an
honorable one!  Only little cowards like yourselves would think
otherwise!"
     That did it.  Sally broke off the side talk, walked in front
of Sophocles and looked him in the eye.  "Then if only to shut
your old mouth, I'm willing to take up the honor of the House of
Acorn!"
     "A typical Acorn stratagem: to issue a challenge to an old
badger!"
     "Then you can name your champion if I can name the place and
time!"
     "Done!  Adonis will be our champion.  Name the place and
time!"
     "In the ring!  Right now!"
     Barely managing to control her temper, Sally pulled off her
vest, unclipped Nicole from the top of her boot, wrapped the
handheld computer in the vest and handed it to Bunnie.
     "Sally-girl, have y'all lost your mind!?"
     "Yeah, Sal, you saw what that one goon did to Ant!  And
Adonis is even bigger!!  I say we juice!"
     "Relax," she whispered, "I know what I'm doing."
     "Girl, Ah hope so."
     Sally stepped into the ring where Adonis was waiting. 
Without any signal that the match had begun, Adonis charged
straight for her.  Antoine covered his eyes.  A second later,
however, the crowd of badgers let out a roar.  Fearfully, Antoine
looked up.
     Sally was still upright, knees slightly bent, her body tense
and ready.  Adonis was in one corner, flat on his back under one
of the trees.
     "Sacre bleu cheese!  What has been happened?"
     He got a chance to see what had happened, for Adonis charged
at Sally once again.  And just as the time before, Sally deftly
stepped aside and, grabbing Adonis as he passed her, used his own
momentum to propel him toward the far corner.  Sonic and Bunnie
resisted the urge to high-five each other.
     After two more tosses, Adonis found himself down on both
knees.  As he tried to get up, he put one arm behind him for
balance.  That was Sally's cue.  Grabbing his wrist with one
hand, she used her other hand to put pressure on his elbow,
forcing it to bend in a direction it wasn't meant to bend. 
Adonis howled in pain; the crowd of badgers let out another roar.
Sally knew that Adonis wouldn't submit to a simple armbar; she
did it mainly to buy a few seconds of time to figure out what to
do next.
     What she had to do next, however, was duck a rock that
someone in the crowd had thrown at her.  That was enough to cause
her to release Adonis from the armbar.
     "Hey!  That's not fair!" Sonic yelled out.  But before he
could say or do anything else, a number of badgers in the crowd
turned toward him with very unfriendly looks.  Sonic realized
that if he said or did anything now he'd be in the middle of a
full-scale badger melee.  He shot a quick glance at Spartacus,
who shook his head slightly.  It was his way of telling Sonic
that it would be a bad idea to say something like that again. 
Seething, Sonic backed off a step.  Satisfied that Sonic wasn't
going to protest further, the badgers turned their attention back
to the ring.
     The situation inside the squared circle hadn't changed. 
Adonis continued to attempt a direct assault on Sally.  And Sally
continued to either duck out of the way or else use Adonis's
momentum to hurl him to the ground.
     After about a minute more of this, Adonis let out a roar of
frustration.  The crowd of badgers grew silent.  Then Adonis
bellowed out one word which electrified the badger crowd: "Claw!"
     "What the hoo-ha's a claw?" Bunnie asked.
     "THAT," Spartacus said in a hushed tone, "is the Claw."
     A badger handed Adonis a cruel-looking metal glove, covered
on the back with shining metal spikes.  Adonis made a fist; to
Sonic, it appeared that the Claw had more spikes than he had
quills!  Another badger poured a clear liquid over the Claw, as
if to anoint it.
     "What's that stuff?" Sonic asked Spartacus.
     "Fire water."
     "What's it for?"
     "Just hope your friend doesn't find out."
     Another badger was now offering a second Claw to Sally.  She
took it from him and slipped it on; it practically came up to her
elbow.
     "Sonic," Spartacus whispered, "if your friend continues the
match now, she's either very brave or out of her mind."
     Just as another badger was about to pour fire water on
Sally's Claw, however, she motioned him away with her free hand. 
Then, the tossed the Claw through the ropes to the outside of the
ring, where its spikes drove into the ground.
     "That settles it, then.  Your friend's out of her mind."
     Once more Sally faced off against Adonis.  Adonis wasted no
time; he lunged at Sally, swinging the Claw from side to side. 
Once Sonic thought that Sally had been cut, but she stayed on her
feet.
     Finally, with a roar of frustration, Adonis raised the Claw
high in the air and brought it down toward Sally, who again
managed to dodge out of the way just in time.  But Adonis had
swung with such force that he buried the spikes of the Claw in
the ground.  He tugged at it once, but it wouldn't budge.
     Adonis was on his knees, his eyes level with Sally's.  Sally
knew she had to work fast.  She hit Adonis with three spin kicks
to the head in rapid succession, followed by a standing drop kick
to the head.  Adonis slumped to the ground unconscious, and his
hand loosed its grip on the inside of the Claw.  That signalled
the end of the fight.
     Sally stepped out of the ring, to the sullen silence of the
crowd.  She started putting on her vest.
     "Let's get out of here," she said softly to the others.  "I
think I just wore out our welcome."
     Sonic turned and looked at Spartacus.  The badger nodded his
head slightly.
     And then the taunts started.
     "Get back here, runts!"
     "Finish what you started!"
     "Just like an Acorn to run away from a fight!"
     "Coward!"
     This last was the unmistakable voice of Sophocles.  Sonic
had heard enough.  He was about to turn around and confront the
old badger when Sally grabbed him tightly by the upper arm.
     "Let it go," she whispered through clenched teeth.  "Just
keep walking!"
     On they walked, Sally maintaining a fast pace.  Finally she
asked: "You think we're beyond their hearing?"
     "I think so, Sal, but...."
     "One, two, three four," she said as she began counting her
steps out loud.
     "What's the deal, Sal?"
     "Just making sure, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen,
eighteen, nineteen, twenty."
     At the count of twenty, Sally let out a cry like a pup and
dropped to the ground, holding her abdomen.  Her face was pinched
in agony and tears flowed from her eyes.  Her breath came in
gasps and pants.
     "Sal!  What's wrong?"
     "What is happening to you, my Princess?"
     But Sally was clearly in too much pain to answer.  So Sonic
scooped her up in his arms and, with Antoine hanging onto his
neck and Bunnie hanging onto Antoine's, he juiced back to
Knothole.


     Knothole apeared empty when they arrived, for everyone was
inside fast asleep.  Sonic skidded to a halt.  He didn't dare let
go of Sally, who was still trembling like a leaf in his arms. 
"Hey!  Somebody!  Anybody!  It's Sally!  She needs help!!"
     "We need help!"
     "Assistance!  Assistance!"
     Light came on in some of the huts and freedom fighters came
running.  A crowd gathered around Sally, who seemed to be unaware
of what was going on around her; she was aware only of her pain. 
Finally, Bookshire Draftwood managed to push his way through the
crowd.  "Get back!" he yelled.  "Give her some room!  Sonic, what
happened?"
     "It happened all of a sudden.  We were walking away from the
badger village when it hit her...WHATEVER it is!"
     "She's holding her stomach.  What did she eat when she was
there?"
     "Nothing that Ant and Sonic and me didn't have as well,"
Bunnie answered.
     "OK, so it's probably not food poisoning.  What else
happened?"
     "Sal got in a fight with a badger."
     "What kind of fight?"  So Sonic gave a short account of the
wrestling match.  When he spoke of the use of the Claw, however,
Bookshire became even more interested.
     "Did you notice if the spikes on the Claw were coated with
anything?"
     "Yeah, with some kind of water."
     "I was afraid of that.  Sonic, Rotor, Bunnie, Antoine,
you'll have to hold down Sally's limbs.  If I'm right...."
     The four of them dropped to their knees, pinning Sally's
arms and legs to the ground.  Bookshire called for someone to
bring a light, and Rotor handed him a flashlight from his
toolbelt.  Then the raccoon began gently parting the fur on
Sally's belly.
     Immediately Sally started screaming at the top of her lungs,
as if she were in the worst agony of her life.  Bunnie was so
frightened she was on the verge of crying herself.
     Finally, Bookshire found what he was looking for: three
superficial scratches on Sally's abdomen, each one not more than
an inch or two in length.  The skin around them was a fiery red
and blistered.
     "I thought so.  We've got to get her to the pool!"
     The pool where the power ring generator was located was fed
by several streams.  The largest and most powerful stream
cascaded over rocks rounded to smoothness by years of wear.  It
was to this point above the pool that Sally was taken.
     On Bookshire's orders, Sally was laid in the stream so that
her body bore the full brunt of the stream.  She gasped for
breath for the first two minutes as only her head remained above
the cold water.
     "Easy, Princess," Bookshire said gently, "try to slow your
breathing.  You don't need to hyperventilate."  Gradually her
breathing eased.
     "Man, what was THAT all about?" Sonic asked.
     "When you told me that they poured some sort of liquid on
the Claw, that was the clue.  The badgers call that liquid 'fire
water.'  It's distilled from a mixture of woodland leaves and
berries and yields a powerful neurotoxin...."
     "Hey, you're starting to sound like Nicole!"
     "Is she gonna be all right, Booker?"
     "She'll be OK, Bunnie, but she'll have to stay in the stream
until we're sure that the Fire Water under her skin has been
diluted or flushed away.  That could take a day or two.  There's
no known counteragent and no medicine strong enough to overcome
the pain of the fire water."
     "It's not like a...poison or anything, is it?"
     "No, it's used to disable an opponent by distracting him
with pain.  It's not powerful enough to kill you, but just
powerful enough to make you WISH that you were dead.  It's
probably not all that strong if you're a badger."
     "Well after seein' what they did to Sally, all Ah can say is
Ah'm glad Ah ain't!"
     "Bunnie, you'd better stay with Sally until her condition
stabilizes."
     "Try keepin' me away, Booker!"


     Bunnie didn't sleep the rest of that night as she kept watch
over Sally as she lay in the stream.  Sally's body might have
adjusted to the cold water, but her mind was still overshadowed
by pain.  Occasionally Sally would cry out after moving too much,
but she would soon settle back down again.  Finally, toward
morning, Sally was worn out from her physical ordeal, and the
pain from the fire water had subsided enough to allow her to
drift off to sleep.  Even then, Bunnie kept watch over her
friend.  It was midday when Sally awoke.
     "Bunnie, where am I?" she murmured.
     "Doctor's orders, Sally-girl.  Booker wants you to stay here
until that fire water they put on the Claw is out of your system. 
How you feelin'?"
     "Like Robotnik's been sitting on me.  I also feel incredibly
stupid.  How could I let Sophocles get to me like that?"
     "Girl, Ah'd have done the same if anybody'd trash-talked
about MAH kin like that.  Ah'm just glad to have you back."
     For the rest of the day, the two spent their time in
conversation.  So much of their lives was taken up in the fight
against Robotnik that time to simply socialize was a luxury they
couldn't always afford.  Bookshire was their only other visitor,
for he had cautioned the others to leave Sally alone until she
was well enough to return to Knothole on her own.
     By the next morning, Sally was looking and sounding like
her old self.  Bookshire told them that Sally had apparently
weathered the storm and could return to Knothole.  Sally stiffly
rose up out of the water, climbed to the bank where Bunnie had
left Sally's boots and vest, shook herself as dry as she could,
then lay down on a flat rock in the sunlight to finish drying
off.  Sally began to chuckle.
     "What're you laughin' at, Sally-girl?"
     "I was just remembering the last time I was here.  It must
have been...four summers ago, wasn't it?"
     "Yeah, Ah remember.  That had to be the hottest summer
Mobius ever had!"
     "I remember feeling so miserable in the heat, and I knew
that my fur wasn't going to get any thinner.  Finally I couldn't
stand it any more and I came up here to lay down in the water. 
I'm not a water animal myself, but even I have to admit that it
felt so good just to lie here and be out of the heat!  It was so
comfortable I must have drifted off to sleep.
     "The next thing I knew, Sonic and Tails came by to collect
the day's power ring.  I was so startled when Tails said 'Hi!' I
jumped up out of the water.  And then I saw Sonic staring at me
like he'd never seen me before.  Then I realized why: my fur--or
what was left of it--was clinging to me like another skin.  I've
never been so embarrassed in my life!"
     "Ah guess poor Tails was too young to appreciate what he was
seein'."
     "What about Sonic?  He couldn't look me in the eye for three
days after that!"  And both Sally and Bunnie dissolved into
laughter.
     "Oh, Bunnie," Sally said at last, "I needed a good laugh!"
     "After what them badgers put you through, Ah'd need one,
too!"
     "I don't get it, though.  I've been going over the whole
situation with the Clan Wars in my mind.  There have been clashes
in the past and misunderstandings, but there have also been
individual badgers who have been fiercely loyal to the Royal
House and who served it with honor, even to the death.  But even
during the Clan Wars, no badger ever went so far as to suggest
that the monarchy be dissolved!  I just can't get over Sophocles'
saying that the Acorn Throne was corrupted and might as well be
smashed.  Something about his words just doesn't sound right, but
I can't figure out what."
     "Well, like Sugar-hog said, it's all ancient history."
     "By the way, where IS Sonic?"


     Sonic was walking at a slow pace.  That in itself was a
novelty.  But he didn't feel like running.
     He was walking back toward the clearing on the edge of the
Great Forest where he had met with Spartacus.  He remembered how
happy he was to be reunited with his childhood friend; then he
remembered how everything had gone sour in the badger camp.  Even
if the news was good and Sally was going to recover, Sonic still
couldn't understand why things had gone so wrong.
     He approached the clearing, so depressed that he didn't look
to see if anyone was in there.  He stopped short, because someone
was in there.  It was Spartacus, seated on the trunk of a fallen
tree.
     "Spartacus?  What're YOU doing here?"
     "Sonic, I was hoping you'd come.  Is your friend Sally all
right?"
     "Yeah, she's gonna be OK.  How long you been here?"
     "Since yesterday morning."
     "Say what!?"
     "Sonic, I feel just awful about what happened.  I had no
idea that Sophocles had become so inflexible."
     "Yeah, well, I didn't know Sally would get in the ring with
your brother.  How's he doing?"
     "He's fine.  He told me that he respected your friends'
abilities in combat."
     "He said that?"
     "No, what he said was: 'Too bad they're not badgers.' 
That's the closest he's ever come to paying a non-badger a
complement."
     "Anyone else feel that way?"  Spartacus' silence was all the
answer Sonic needed.
     "Here," Spartacus finally said, "give this to Sally when you
see her."  With that, he handed Sonic a rough-woven canvas bag,
tied with string at the top.  A paper tag hung from the end of
the string.
     "What's in this thing?"
     "I'd rather you give it to Sally as is."
     "Oh. OK."  Sonic turned to go.
     "Sonic!"
     "Yeah, what?"
     "I...I'm truly sorry."
     "Hey, it's cool.  Later."


     Sonic arrived back at Knothole a short time later, but
nobody seemed to be interested.  Instead, everyone was clustering
around Princess Sally, whom Bunnie had accompanied from the pool.
Even though Bunnie and Antoine had each answered dozens of
questions about the badgers and about the fight, everyone wanted
to hear about it from Sally.  What she said wasn't exactly good
news:
     "No, I don't think we can rely on the badgers of that clan
as freedom fighters.  Not only do they live pretty much to
themselves, but their hatred of the House of Acorn appears to be
as deep as ever."
     "Yo, Sal!" Sonic called out.  The crowd of Mobians
surrounding Sally parted and Sonic walked toward her.  "You
feeling OK?"
     "Much better, thanks.  Where have you been?"
     "I was talking with Spartacus in the clearing.  He was
really bummed by what happened, and he said for me to give you
this."  Sonic handed the bag to Sally.  She spotted the paper tag
at the bag's neck.  She tore it off and set the bag down on the
ground.
     "Sonic, how come there's no writing on this tag?"
     "Huh?"
     "What's in that bag, anyway?"
     "He didn't say."
     "Anyone else smell that?"  Bookshire asked.
     "Yeah," Tails said.  "What IS that?"
     Rotor sniffed the air.  "Smells like...pine tar."
     "Pine tar?"  Bookshire picked up the bag.  He placed his
hand against it and immediately jerked it away.
     "Everybody back off!  This thing's hot!"
     Everyone backed away.  Everyone, that is, except Sonic. 
Taking the bag from Bookshire, he bolted from the clearing,
returning two seconds later.
     "No problemo, guys.  I pitched that thing into the Great
Swamp."
     Everyone started to congratulate Sonic, but Sally seemed
lost in thought.  Then, borrowing a rangefinder from Rotor, she
ran toward a nearby tree.
     "Where do you think you're going?" Bookshire called after
her.
     "You SAID I needed some exercise after all that time flat on
my back!" she called back as she began climbing.  In a few
seconds she was lost from sight, only to reappear a few more
seconds later on her way down.
     "What was THAT all about, Sal?" Sonic asked.
     "We've got trouble, Sonic."
     "Hey, I ditched that bomb, remember?"
     "I wondered why we hadn't heard an explosion if that really
was a bomb, so I went up to have a look."
     "So what'ja see?"
     "I saw a huge column of black smoke rising from the Great
Swamp.  I also saw two of Robotnik's hover units converging on
the site, and another two on the horizon.
     "Sonic, I don't think that bomb was meant to blow up and
harm anyone.  I believe it was a smoke bomb, meant to betray our
position to Robotnik and to lead those hover units straight to
Knothole."
     This was sobering news to the residents of Knothole, for
whom the secrecy of their location was a tactical strength. 
Sonic took the news hard.  His expression went from shock to deep
hurt to boiling anger.  "OK, THAT'S IT!!" he yelled, and tore off
into the woods without a word of warning.  The others began to
pick themselves up off the ground, having been left in Sonic's
wake.
     "Oh my gosh," Sally said, "I've never seen Sonic so angry
about ANYTHING before!"
     "Ah'd hate to be those badgers when Sugar-hog gets there!"
     "I think Sonic's going to be the least of the badgers'
worries," Bookshire observed.
     "Why?" Sally asked.
     "Because if that smoke bomb was indeed Robotnik's idea, and
if Robotnik has four hover units loaded with SWATbots in the
area, those badgers are going to have some explaining to do."


     "INCOMPETENT!" Sophocles roared at Spartacus.  "Your mission
failed!"
     Sophocles stood in the center of the assembled badgers of
the clan.  That morning, when Spartacus had returned without the
sack, the badger elder had issued a call to arms for all able-
bodies badgers of the clan.  The call went through the clan like
a bolt of lightning.  Weapons were gathered and sharpened,
anticipation ran high.  But now two young scouts had reported
that the smoke column they had been sent to follow originated,
not in some village, but in the heart of the Great Swamp. 
Sophocles didn't take the news well.
     "It failed!" he repeated.  "How then are we to have our
revenge against those who sympathize with the House of Acorn?"
     "Revenge!?" Adonis spoke up, as all eyes turned to him. 
"Revenge for what?  They harmed no one here except myself, and
even then the damage was only to my pride.  What cause have we to
fight them?"
     "Because they represent the House of Acorn.  They are an
impediment to the rule of Mobius by its rightful overlord."
     "And just who is this rightful overlord, Sophocles? 
Yourself?"
     "I speak of...Ivo Robotnik."
     There were several seconds of stunned silence.  That name
had never crossed the lips of Sophocles before.  Adonis, baring
all his teeth in a snarl, picked up a nearby ax.  "You withered
old traitor!" he yelled as he hurled the ax at the old badger.
     Sophocles, however, tossed aside the two younger badgers who
had been supporting him as if they were nothing.  He caught the
ax in mid-flight before it could strike him.  Then, with no
warning, he hurled it back at Adonis, where it struck him in the
chest.  He was dead before he hit the ground.
     Diana began to scream, as did every other badger.  Anyone
who could pick up a weapon did so and began to rush toward
Sophocles.  It was a badger melee.
     But the melee was short-lived, for suddenly the woods
surrounding the badger encampment erupted with blaster fire. 
SWATbots began emerging from the woods, shoulder to shoulder. 
The melee ended as swiftly as it had started, with five more
badgers dead.
     Sophocles now strode to one of the SWATbots with a youthful
vigor the badgers had never seen before.  The SWATbot carried a
communicator, and Sophocles began speaking into it: "Can you hear
me, Dr. Robotnik?"
     Those badgers close enough to Sophocles could hear
Robotnik's malevolent voice on the communicator: "Have you begun
the attack on Knothole yet?"
     "Negative.  The smoke bomb was diverted to the Great Swamp,
and resistance to you among the badgers is still strong.  I had
to order the SWATbots to attack the village.  Your plan appears
to be infeasible."
     "BLAST IT!" Robotnik cursed, then spoke in a more measured
voice: "Never mind, then.  Select the strongest of the badgers
and roboticize them; if they won't fight for me, they'll at least
slave for me."
     "And the others, Dr. Robotnik?"
     There was a pause.  "Do you think I really care what happens
to the others?"
     "Understood, Sir."
     Handing the communicator back to the SWATbot, Sophocles
strode to Spartacus who, like Diana, was bent over the fallen
Adonis.  He seized Spartacus by the throat and lifted him to his
feet.
     "Now you shall pay for your incompetence!"
     He released Spartacus, who was grabbed by two SWATbots. 
Spartacus was too overcome by shock and grief to resist.  The
SWATbots took him to the edge of the village, where a portable
roboticizer unit had been set up.  They began to raise the glass
chamber to place Spartacus inside.
     Suddenly the glass shattered into a thousand shards as
something passed through it at incredible speed--something
indistinct excerpt for its color.  It was a deep blue.
     Whatever it was didn't stop as it ricocheted off one SWATbot
after another with sufficient force to knock it to pieces.  The
SWATbots found it impossible to target the object in order to
blast it.  None of the badgers could follow it with their eyes.  
     Finally, all of the SWATbots lay in pieces on the forest
floor.  The blue blur came to a stop a few feet in front of
Sophocles.  It was Sonic.  Sophocles swiftly took up a nearby
battle-ax.  Sonic simply fixed a stare filled with hate at
Sophocles.  
     "Take your best shot!"
     Sophocles raised the battle ax above his head.  The instant
he did, however, Sonic went into spin mode and ran not just into
but through Sophocles' body.  And now the badgers could see that
Sophocles was no badger, but a replicant--a mechanical likeness. 
The body twitched and sparked and leaked hydraulic fluid onto the
ground.  Sonic returned to the body, took the battle ax from
Sophocles, said: "This one's for Acorn!", cut off the replicant's
head and drop-kicked it into a nearby fire.
     The badgers were silent as Sonic looked around him.  "Don't
everybody thank me at once!"
     He might as well have said: "Don't anybody thank me at all,"
for that's just what the badgers did.  They paid no attention to
Sonic.  Instead, they looked to another elder of the clan, named
Eumenides.
     "We must leave this place.  We will establish a new home in
the Great Forest.  Let us be off.  Leave no trace."
     Immediately, silently, the badgers began gathering their
weapons and their household goods, dismantling their lodges and
extinguishing their fires.  Sonic couldn't believe it!  He turned
to Spartacus.
     Spartacus' eyes--eyes full of anguish--met Sonic's.  In his
hand, Spartacus held a small hatchet, its blade dulled with fresh
blood.  And across his chest a fresh scar bled freely.  Then, as
if there were nothing more to say, he bent down next to Diana and
helped to bury his brother.
     Sonic stayed in the clearing for the entire five minutes it
took for the badgers to break camp.  Spartacus, with Diana
leaning on his arm, was the last to leave.  He looked back at
Sonic as if to say something, then turned away.  Sonic was left
alone, surrounded by pieces of SWATbots and by the graves of the
badger dead, buried where they had fallen.
     

     No sound could be heard inside the hut except for the
scratch of a pencil on paper.  Sally was at work decoding a
message from Uncle Chuck.  When she had finished, she took the
piece of paper and went outside.  The first person she saw was
Tails.
     "Do you know where Sonic is, Tails?"
     "Uh-huh.  He's at the pond.  You want me to get him?"
     "No, I want to talk to him myself.  I just got a message
from Uncle Chuck."
     "You think it'll cheer him up?"
     "I hope so, honey."
     Sally found Sonic sitting by the pool, looking at nothing in
particular.  Just as he'd been doing for most of the past seven
days, ever since he walked sullenly back into Knothole with his
account of the fight in the badger village.  Sally sat down next
to him.
     "Sonic, I just received a reply to my message from Uncle
Chuck."  Sonic continued staring at the pond, as if he hadn't
heard.
     "He says that according to the computer records he was able
to search, a badger answering the description of Sophocles was
apprehended by SWATbots three months ago.  And he reports that
Robotnik had indeed prepared a replicant to take his place in the
clan."
     Sonic continued ignoring Sally.  She seated herself directly
in front of him.
     "Sonic, this means that Robotnik fooled all of us, including
the badgers of the clan.  He must have wanted to infiltrate the
clan, win them over by persuasion, and have the makings of an
army of roboticized badgers at his command.  You broke up his
plan just in time."
     Sonic continued to ignore her as he simply sat and stared. 
Sally realized that Sonic wasn't about to reply.  She decided to
sit next to him.  He'd talk when he was ready, which was a couple
of minutes later.
     "Sal, I...I can't figure out why.  I thought we could be
friends again, like when we were kids.  He must have known about
the smoke bomb.  I...we were supposed to be friends.  Why did he
do it?"
     "I don't know, Sonic.  The Sophocles replicant probably
convinced him that what he was doing was for the good of the
clan."
     "C'mon, Sal, that's a bogus reason to do anything like...."
     "Like betray a friend?"  Sonic nodded.
     "Maybe to us it is, but I think I know what he must have
been going through."
     "Oh, yeah?  How?"
     "Remember, I grew up being told that I'd one day have to
make decisions that would affect all of Mobius.  Even in
Knothole, Julayla wouldn't let me forget.  Believe me, it's not
as easy as it looks.  I don't think it was any easier for
Spartacus, either."
     "Get real, Sal!  It's not the same thing."
     "When you get right down to it, it is.  It all comes down to
making choices.  And some are more difficult than others."
     "Yeah, well..."
     Sally got to her feet.  "Come on, let's rejoin the others."
     Silently, Sonic got to his feet and began walking with
Sally back to Knothole.
     "Hey, Sal, you never told me you knew how to wrestle like
that."
     In reply, Sally hooked her right arm around Sonic's left
arm, and swept his left leg out from under him with her right. 
They both fell backwards onto the ground, but while Sonic was
still recovering from the surprise Sally sprang to her feet.
     "You never asked," she said.  Then laughing like a
schoolgirl, she began running back toward Knothole.  
     "Oh, so you want to play!"  Sonic got to his feet and
prepared to run rings around the Princess.
     "Sonic!  Sally!"
     It was Tails, heading toward them from Knothole.  From the
tone of his voice, Sonic knew something was wrong.
     "What's up, big guy?"
     "The bridge.  Hurry!" was all Tails said.
     Sonic didn't waste time with further questions, but sped
toward the bridge.  When he got there, he stopped.
     A small cluster of freedom fighters stood near the end of
the bridge.  On the other side across the river stood a stranger.
This was an alarming development, since Knothole was supposed to
be a secret.
     But the figure at the far end of the bridge just stood
there.  And he wasn't a stranger to everyone there.
     It was Spartacus.
     To Sally, there was something intensely sad about him; he
looked smaller and more vulnerable than when she had seen him
before.  He had two hatchets hanging from his belt and held a
battle ax in his hand, but the battle ax trailed behind him like
the tail of a wounded animal.  In fact, that was the word that
flashed across Sally's mind as she looked at him: wounded.
     Sonic, however, bristled at the sight of him.  Pushing his
way through the crowd of freedom fighters gathered at the near
side of the bridge--a discourtesy he had never shown before--he
strode across the bridge.  Sally, sensing what was about to
happen, motioned for Bunnie to follow her back to her hut.
     "What do YOU want?" Sonic asked Spartacus.  There was no
mistaking the contempt in his voice.
     In answer, Spartacus knelt on the ground before Sonic, a
gesture no badger would make to any other animal.  "Your
forgiveness."
     "You think you can get off that easy?  You sold me and my
friends out to Robuttnik, or you TRIED to!"
     "I know; I don't deserve..."
     "What I deserve is the Fathead of the Year Award, for
thinking we were still friends."
     "Sonic, please...."
     "You KNEW there was a smoke bomb in that bag!  You KNEW that
Robuttnik was looking for us!  And you still acted like...like we
were still buds!" Sonic's voice began to choke up.
     "Yes, I admit I knew about the bomb, but..."
     "No 'buts.'  Get out of here and go back to the rest of the
badgers."
     "I can't."
     "What do you mean, you can't?"
     "I...I've renounced the clan."
     "What's this supposed to be, another scam?"
     "This is no trick, Sonic.  I've renounced my ties to the
badgers of our clan."
     "And I suppose that made Diana real happy!" he said
sarcastically.
     "It was for her sake that I did it.  The clan elders were
preparing to denounce our family as sympathizers with the House
of Acorn.  My self-imposed exile was the only way to prevent
that."
     "Gimme a break!"
     "It's the truth!"
     "So now you found us.  What're you gonna do, rat on us to
Robuttnik the first chance you get?"
     "No!"
     "How...how can I trust you anymore?  I've got a whole
village full of people here I've come to trust.  And if I thought
there was a chance of you betraying us one more time, I swear
I'd...."
     Sonic let the sentence go unfinished, not only because he
struggled with what he was going to say--that he would kill
Spartacus himself to keep him from betraying Knothole--but
because he noticed that Spartacus' expression had changed.  He no
longer looked forlorn and helpless; now he looked like he had
just seen a ghost.
     Sonic turned around and followed Spartacus' gaze.  The crowd
of freedom fighters gathered at the other side of the bridge
parted and Sally walked through them.  But this was a Sally Sonic
had never seen before...or, if he had, it was only in his dreams.
She wore a long blue hooded robe lined with scarlet and
embroidered with gold thread.  The wind caught the cape and
swirled it around, and Sonic could see that embroidered on the
back as well as over the heart was the symbol of the planet
Mobius: a serpent embowed about to bite its own tail.  On her
head was a simple golden tiara.  These were items that Sally
hadn't planned on wearing until her coronation, but she wore them
now with a gravity that filled everyone with awe.
     Sally approached the two, then brushed past Sonic as if he
weren't there.  She looked hard at Spartacus and said nothing.
     "You mean you're...?" Spartacus began.
     "You are addressing Sally Alicia, Princess Royal of the
House of Acorn and heir to the throne of Mobius."  It was the
formal language of the court.
     Spartacus was at a loss for words.  "Princess, I...I didn't
know...."
     "Silence!  You sought to deliver the Princess Royal into the
hand of our enemies.  Your actions have been treasonous.  How do
you plan to atone?"
     Spartacus said nothing.  He reached to draw an axe from his
belt and several Mobians gasped.  Yet Spartacus offered the axe,
handle first, to Sally, before kneeling on the ground before her
with head bowed low.  He bared his neck in the process.  Just as
suddenly, without saying a word, Sally raised the axe and brought
it down with a resounding thud...
     ...an inch from the badger's head.
     "Please get up," Sally said gently as she touched Spartacus'
shoulder.  The badger lifted his head.
     "You were ready to give your life to prove your sincerity,
and I accept the offer.  You have a home here."
     Spartacus rose to his feet.  "If you wish it," Sally
continued, "we can get a message to the new badger settlement for
Diana, telling her that you are well and that you have joined our
fight against Robotnik.  Your mother shouldn't have to mourn the
loss of both her sons."
     "Thank you," he whispered.  "I only wish I knew of a way to
persuade the other badgers."
     "There's only one way: by fighting together against
Robotnik, we'll prove the elders wrong."
     They made their way toward Sonic, still standing dumbfounded
at the end of the bridge.  "Until we can find you permament
quarters," Sally said, "you'll need to lodge with one of our most
experienced freedom fighters: Sonic the Hedgehog."
     "Uh, Sal, I don't think I..."
     "You'll learn!" Sally snapped.  Without another word, she
strode back across the bridge, passed the stunned freedom
fighters who had gathered on the far side, entered her hut and
closed the door.
     "Quick," she said to Bunnie once she was inside, "tell me
what they're doing?  I can't bear to look."
     "Well, neither of them are saying anything.  They're just
kinda lookin' around.  Now Sugar-hog is saying something Ah can't
make out, and Spartacus is sayin' somethin' back, and now Sonic
is saying something."
     "Is that it?"
     "Wait a minute.  Now they're crossing the bridge. 
Together."
     Sally sighed with relief and let herself lean backwards
against the door.  
     "You wanna tell me what the hoo-ha you were doin' out
there?"
     "I remembered something I said to Sonic a while ago: that I
should have trusted his taste in friends.  Something told me that
Sonic would never have befriended a badger who was an undying
enemy of the House of Acorn.  I needed to know for myself, and to
demonstrate to Sonic, that that was so.  So I put these on to
gauge Spartacus' true feelings."
     "Well, Ah'm just glad to see Sugar-hog not lookin' like he'd
lost his best friend."
     "He almost had.  Now help me out of these things.  I really
don't feel comfortable wearing them."
     "If you ask me, Sally-girl, they fit you perfect."


                                  THE END



