The Chaotix Carols - Only for Sonic fans

One day all the Knothole Village was alone in the dark wihout happines or any 
soul over there. Because of Robotnik's schemes. There was a mess between debris 
roboticized furs. But suddenly our hero Sonic appeared from the nothing with his 
team. There were Knuckles,Charmy Bee,Vector,Mighty,Sally,Antoine.Bunny.Amy,
Tails and Dulcy. They came over from the forest with a great Christmas tree and 
they were singing..

You know to Knuckles and Sonic and Vector,
and Charmy and Mighty but...
you wont see on another time a
fur like Espio the Chameleon!!

Espio the purple-horned Chamaleon
He was so colorish than he can get lost in the snow 
but you will identify him about his horn.

All the Chaotix laughed at him but then
something happened and his life changed.

Then one foggy Christmas eve 
Knuckles came to say
"Espio you will save the night
with your bright horn to Robotnik
you will confuse on our plan.

All the Chaotix loved him and
they never more laughed at him.
Espio the purple-horned Chameleon
who will never go down in history.

C'mon Sonic that s not good better let's sing Jingle "Bots"

Sonic and Knuckles sang:
Jingle bots Jingle bots 
Robotnik is bad and fat
It s time for make him round.Hey!
Jingle bots Jingle bots
Snively has a needle nose
today is day for happiness
Way Cool. Yeah!
Sonic and Knuckles hi-fived each other...."Cool, bro!

Tails came behind them..."Hey I prefer this other one....

We wish we wish you a freedom day,,we wish we wish you happiness,
We wish we wish you a holy ring...and a happy Mobius.
Sonic added:
Good chilidogs for all of your fur... we wish you a good meal.

The Chaotix team sang:

On the twelve days of Christmas my loved sent to me
A green emerald
two Sonic dolls
three Sonic Comics
FFOOOUUR Holy rings
Charmy:shahahahlalala! Vector:On Christmas Espio:My loved sent to me
Mighty:On the twelve days of Christmas eve..
Knuckles:My loved sent to me.four holy rings...

Finally the FF ...the best song is the drummer squirrel
I come over with my 
rum pum pum pum
I m in front of Jesus
rum pum pum pum
There is any other thing 
to offer you rum pum pum
The only I can honor you is 
with my rum pum pum rum  
rum pum pum pum 
rum pum pum pum
God smiled at me
rum pum pum pum

WAAAAAIIIIIITTTTT!

All the FF turned round to Sonic who shouted...Sonic tapped tapped on the floor and
crossed his arms. "Cant you look at the best carol for this time?"
All them look each other and said...NO! What's the best song for singing?

After they were singing "Silent Mobius Night!

Silent Mobius Night
Holy emerald ring Night
All brights shiny and clear.
Robotnik's gone forever 
and Mobius is happy.
Now all we stand in a whole family
Sleeep in heavenly peace...PEEEAAAACEEEE!(Sonic-shout)
Sleeep in heavenly peace....
Tails and Amy very softly:The peace reigns again.

Sonic took a sleigh and sang up with his Chaotix friends

Sonic is coming to town
Knuckles you have to let your open window
and you Tails too because 
Sonic is coming to towwwnnn!

Knuckles sang:
When he came over here I ll be ready
for him and his Christmas gifts I will receive
but sssh dont tell nobody I ll be hide.
Tails sang:
But when all the world is asleep 
I ll be inside the chest and I will fly
into his arms...He will get surprised.
Because.....
Chaotix choir
Sonic is coming to town
Sonic is coming to town.
Salallalalllala.  salallalaa.
salalalaal Sonic is coming to town.....!!!!!

Sally said...now Bunny and Amy,,,one,two three
 Oh White Christmas, with your love
bright will reign on Mobius the peace,
Will be  forever and there......(The boys sigh*ahhhaaaa*)
On Mobius forever happy..C'mon now all

Oh White Mobius bright, with your
lovely peace to the whole planet 
the peace.Sleep and dream in peace.
Dream on a peaceful time.

Now we wish you happiness and peace for you.....The FF and Chaotix team wish you 
the best for you and Merry Christmas!!!!
