From BAUERLE@engr.erie.ge.comSun Feb 18 14:10:45 1996
Date: Sat, 17 Feb 1996 21:21:08 -0500 (EST)
From: Ron Bauerle <BAUERLE@engr.erie.ge.com>
Reply to: sonic@bort.mv.net
To: sonic@bort.mv.net
Cc: aa2043@freenet.lorain.oberlin.edu, nefaria@aol.com,
    panda@ophelia.waterloo.net, quozl@netcom.com, ray.rooney@dscmail.com,
    rune@delphi.com, BAUERLE@engr.erie.ge.com
Subject: New Sonic Merchandise: Sonic Look and Find

I saw this in the grocery store last night, and for $5 I figured it was 
worth having (they only had two left, and if anybody wants them bad enough 
to pay me $10 for them (includes shipping) I'll pick them up for them).

Basically it's like a Where's Waldo book except it uses the Sonic characters 
(i.e., scenes of many characters doing many things, and you're supposed to 
find certain objects and/or people in them).  

Penciled by Art Mawhinney, Inked by Dan Burr and Brian Thomas (how did they 
_do_ all that, and how long did it take?).  Illustration Script Developers: 
Ken Penders and Mike Kanterovich.  

Published by Louis Weber, CEO, 
Publications International, Ltd. 
7373 North Cicero Avenue
Lincolnwood, IL  60646  
ISBN: 0-7853-0849-0

The rest of this message contains spoilers, so here's a form feed for you:

The inside front cover has nice pics of the following characters:
Sonic, Tails (though the kind of babyish version that I don't really like),
Sally, Antoine, Bunnie (yay!!!  Though about the best pic of her in the 
whole book), Rotor, Snively, Swat-bot, and Dr. Robotnik (oddly enough, the 
daily version, not the Sat. AM one - maybe they figured the kiddies wouldn't
recognize him otherwise...)

Each page has a follow-the-blur sequence of Sonic doing various things, 
which is kind of neat.

Here are some misc. comments on the more interesting things on the 
various pages:

Green hill: Sonic saving Sally.

Marble zone: some skunks blasting something off-page (was the original art
bigger?) with aerosol cans; Bunnie trying on jewels from a treasure chest 
while being menaced by skeletons.

Aquatic zone: SS Minnow life preserver, Ariel the mermaid (not worried 
about being sued by Disney?  :^)), Bunnie in a submersible vehicle.

Robotropolis: Just-married Swat-bots???, the robot dog lifting his leg 
against a "curb your dog" sign.

South island: some furries playing that fish game with sticks

Knothole: skunk scouts (!), Sonic giving his autograph.

Icecap zone: what is Bunnie holding?

Veg-o-fortress (?): "dangerous curves" indeed :^)

Launch base: Hanger 18: "There's nothing in here.  Really."  But I thought 
the "Shuttle Experiment DOA 86" was a bit in bad taste...

All in all, a nice book for furrie/Sonic fans for $5...

RDB
