This is a Sonic list message which sheds some light on Robotnik's
past, and also has some information on the Fleetway comics.

This list is for Internet Freedom Fighters.  This file is offered so
that we will know in greater detail what our enemy is.

Erich Schulman (KTN4CA)
Team OS/2

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

From sanasi@deco.franken.de
Date: 09 Feb 1995 21:14:00 +0100
From: Alessandro Sanasi <sanasi@deco.franken.de>
Reply to: sonic@sard.mv.net
To: sonic@sard.mv.net
Subject: Re: Hello

    [The following text is in the "ISO-8859-1" character set]
    [Your display is set for the "US-ASCII" character set]
    [Some characters may be displayed incorrectly]


> > Which comics are discussed here? The one from Archie Comics Publications
> > (with Sonic, Tails, Princess Sally, Bunnie, Rotor, Antoine etc., stories
> > mainly based on the cartoons) or the one from Fleetway Publications (with
> > Sonic, Tails, Amy Rose, Johnnie Lightfoot, Porker Lewis etc., stories
> > mainly based on the games)?

> I've never seen the Fleetway comics.  IMO, the games themselves are
> adequately represented in the Sega newsgroups and do not require further
> representation here.  I see no problem with stories based on the games,
> so let's include both comics series.

The comic from Fleetway Publications is available in England. Translated  
versions have already spread into at least three other countries (Germany,  
Holland, Italy and France).

You may order some of them yourself, if you like. The price is 1.10 pounds
sterling for each issue, including postage & packing. Minimum order is
4.40. Checks must be payable to _Fleetway Editions Ltd._ and must be in
pounds sterling.

The mail address is:    SONIC BACK ISSUE ZONE
                        Aim Ltd.
                        PO Box 10
                        Sunderland, SR4 6SN

To order by phone with a credit card you have to dial 01144-91-5102290
(hope this is the correct number to do it from the U.S.)

The title is 'Sonic The Comic' the latest issue so far is #43.

I never thought that I would write this, but I have to admit that I like  
the Sonic comic from Fleetway a little more than the one from Archie. The   
artwork is great, the stories are thrilling and interesting and not just a  
put-together of scenes from the game without a 'real' plot like Archie did  
it in issue #6 (The spin doctor) or issue #13 (This island hedgehog).

The Fleetway stories even have a well-developed background about Sonics  
origin and all that. Maybe one of you has seen the Sonic comic that was  
printed as an advertising supplement in 'Disney Adventures Magazine'
Vol. 2 Number 1 in November 1991 (the issue with Michael Jordan on the  
cover). The Fleetway comic uses the same background information.

[snip]

Basically, everything starts on the day when Sonic accidentally burrows  
into Dr. Kintobors secret underground laboratory. At this time he looks a  
lot like an average hedgehog with brownish color and _lots_ of quills. The  
doctor shows him his newest invention, the Retro Orbital Chaos Compressor  
(ROCC, for short), a device that attracts all evil forces on Mobius and  
locks it inside the six emeralds within the machine.

Sonic and the doctor become friends. To test Sonics speed, the doctor lets  
him train on his experimental supersonic treadmill. But Sonic runs so fast  
that he breaks the sound barrier and is turned into the blue speedster we  
all know. Because he burnt up his sneakers Kintobor makes him a pair of  
frictionless red shoes to wear.

Later Kintobor asks Sonic to bring him a soda and a hardboiled egg for  
lunch. By accident the doctor spills the soda over the control panel of  
the ROCC. The following explosion shatters the ROCC's containment rings  
and emeralds everywhere and zaps Kintobor with 10.000 volts of pure evil  
energy, turning him into an evil, hardboiled, robotic nutcase. From this  
time on, Kintobor is known as Robotnik (Kintobor spelled backwards). Since  
then Sonic is collecting all the lost rings, because he wants to put the  
ROCC back together and reverse the process.

[snap]

All right, now lets count all the grammatical errors I've made (just  
kidding...)

The current group of Freedom Fighters in the Fleetway comic are:

Sonic the Hedgehog (of course)
Tails              (Sonics trusty little buddy)
Amy Rose           (Sonics lady hedgehog friend from the 'Sonic CD' game)
Porker Lewis       (a pig with ambitions in computer and technology)
Johnnie Lightfoot  (a hare who joins Sonic in the fights against Robotnik)

> What I want to avoid is creating
> another place for "What are the cheats for...." and the like.
>
> Erich Schulman (KTN4CA)
> Team OS/2

I wouldn't want that eighter. There are far enough postings like 'What are  
the cheats for Sonic & Knuckles' and the like in the SEGA newsgroups.

Best wishes


A. Sanasi
---
You get what anyone gets. You get a lifetime.

