 "Amy's Quest"     

     ~(CHAPTER 1)~
     Dr. Lidia Shotwell stared out the window into the labroom.  She 
watched the contest, which only married people could enter.  The judge 
walked up to each table, looking at each project closely.  Soon, 
he walked up to the audience.  "I have declared the winners," he 
announced. "The Yellow Ribbon goes to...Dr. Mr. and Mrs. Fayuot for 
their Solar System Revolvment."  He handed them the ribbon.  "The Red 
Ribbon goes to... Dr. Mr. and Mrs. Keyyloworf for their Water System 
Tank."  The red ribbon went to them.  
     "And finally...the Blue Ribbon goes to... Dr. Mr. and Mrs. 
Roflazion for their system of the Chaos Emeralds."  He handed them the 
the Blue Ribbon, and a trophy.  Shotwell stared angrily from the 
windows.  Dr. Amy Roflazion was once her best friend, but in their 
teens, she stole her one and only boyfriend, Dr. Soniank Roflazion.  
Ever since then, Shotwell couldn't find another guy she liked.
     The scientist couples left the lab room, with their experiments 
and such.  Amy and Soniank walked out.  Shotwell ran up to them.  "Amy.
..um, congratulations for your winning," she said.  
     Amy smirked. "Thanks," she said, "A little cheering would've been 
nice too."  Shotwell just looked at her.  "Too bad you're not married, 
Lidia," Amy continued. "That idea of yours would've landed you where I
am now."  She walked off with her husband. "And by the way," she called
back, "Thanks for 'lending' it to me!"  
     Lidia only growled.  The Chaos Emerald System was her idea. She 
just told it to Amy, which led her into Victory Circle.  At least she 
didn't tell her about the zones she created, but she was too angry 
about Amy to think about that now.
     She turned back to the window, and watched as the people started 
exiting, only leaving behind empty tables.  She thought about how much 
she would like to be married.  All those women who competed, they were 
ay least a few years younger.  Amy was at least six years lower than 
Lidia.  
     She then thought how much Soniank would be as a great husband.  He
really was a doll, always thought about everyone else before himself, 
and was quite a 'ladies man'.  But she couldn't feel it, for only Amy 
could.
     Amy...the name kept going in Lidia's head in anger and jealousy.  
How dare she take her boyfriend!  How dare she take her idea of the 
Chaos Emerald System!  If there was anything she'd do for revenge...

     That night, Shotwell stayed at the lab through the night, saying 
that she had to work on an important project due in two days.  Just 
when the place seemed empty, and no one else was left in but the 
janitor, she walked silently down the hall to Amy's lab room.  She 
turned the knob, but then remembered.  <(Damn...)> she thought, <(The 
door's locked!)>  She knew that Amy would have the only key...then 
again...  The janitor had a skeleton key to go into every lab room to 
clean them.
     Just out of luck, the janitor came walking down the hall, 
whistling a tune, something that sounded like 'Sonic Boom'.  Shotwell 
hid in the door slot, until he came to her room, then punched his 
lights out.  He fell unconscious to the floor.  She bent down and took 
the key, slid it into the lock, turned, and opened the door.  
     She looked around, until she saw the Chaos Emerald project, 
sitting on Amy's desk.  It was a small cemented platform, with seven 
small tubes, and a Chaos Emerald sitting in each.  She picked it up.  
<(I'll show her...)>  She rose it above her head, but some mystic power
kept her holding it up, instead of letting her smash it to the ground. 
She lowered it, and stared deeply into it.  Suddenly, holding tightly, 
she dashed out of the room, out of the building, into her car, and 
drove back to her apartment.
     Lidia may have beeen angry and jealous at Amy, but taking her 
Chaos Emeralds wasn't for revenge...it was like a power-hungry source.

     The project sat in the middle of her living room floor.  Lidia sat
Indian style over it.  The mystic powers of the Chaos Emeralds gleamed 
on her, and she stared amazed.  She never felt this strange power 
before.  It started to call for her.  "Lidia Shotwell.....Lidia.....
Shotwell..."
     Lidia felt herself touching the Chaos Emeralds.  It was almost as 
if the Chaos Emeralds were controlling her.  She picked it up, and rose
it straight above her head.  This felt like it was her project...not 
Amy's.  Amy....the name rang into her head once again.  Amy Roflazion...
that hellcat, taking whatever was Lidia's.  She will pay... and Soniank
will once again be hers.
     "Amy will PAY!" Lidia screamed, the Chaos Emeralds still above her
head.  Suddenly, the Chaos Emeralds started glowing, and a power came 
out, and covered her body.  Lidia was too caught in her own anger to 
hardly realize what was going on.  She then started screaming at the 
top of her lungs, as the powers devoured her whole.
     A long moment later, she dropped the Chaos Emeralds.  Her skin was
all green, and her black hair turned webby brown.  The last thing on 
her mind was Amy, and how she'd make her pay for her misery.  "Amy 
shall pay..." croaked the voice of the 'monster'.
                                                                                        
     ~(CHAPTER 2)~
     Sonic and Amy Rose sat by Never Lake.  Sonic skipped stones, as 
Amy just sat on a rock watching him, cute little hearts in her eyes.  
Sonic turned to her, and held up a stone.  "You wanna try?" he offered.
Suprised, Amy jumped off the rock and raced up to Sonic.  
     "Sure," she responded.  She took it and hurtled it at the lake, 
only making a big splash.  Sonic picked up another stone, and placed it
in Amy's hand.  He then took her arm and put it in a tossing position.  
     "Keep your arm up like this, and then at the same level, just toss
it!"  He pulled on her arm, making the stone land on the water, 
skipping a few times.  "Way to go, Amez," said Sonic, looking down at 
her, but then got a weird look, seeing that Amy wasn't paying 
attention.  She was just standing there, enjoying Sonic's touch on her 
arm.  He quickly let go.  "Don't start getting any ideas, kid," he 
said.
     Amy's daydream and Sonic's concentration of skipping rocks were 
suddenly cut off by the sharp virbration of someone landing behind 
them.  They both turned to see a woman-like creature, yet with green 
skin and webby hair, and a scientist suit.  "Out of my way, 
pipsqueaks," she growled, "I, Dr. Shotwell, COMMAND you to!"  
     "Pft!  Why should we, Miss Robotnik-wannabe!" Sonic snapped, 
crossing his arms.  Amy mimicked him.  Shotwell swung a fist at the 
hedgehogs.  "Whoa!  Get back, Amy Rose!" Sonic cried, pushing Amy 
aside, moving away himself.  
     "Amy....Rose..." Shotwell mumbled.  She thought about Amy.  Amy 
Rose... Amy Roflazion!   "Amy!!" she screeched, "I will finally get my 
revenge!!"  She jumped at her, claws popping out, ready to slash the 
little hedgehog.
     "LOOK OUT, AMY!!" Sonic screamed, running at Amy, and pushing her 
out of the way, before the claws could get to her.  Shotwell ended up 
slashing Sonic's elbow.  He cried out in pain, and fell to his knees.  
     "Sonic!!" Amy cried, standing up. 
      Another sound came to her mind.  Sonic... Soniank!  
     "Soniank...I'm so sorry.." she cried in a faint whisper.  Sonic 
rubbed his shoulder.  
     "Who?" he asked.  
     "Soniank," said Shotwell getting next to Sonic, "Think twice this 
time!  Are you sure you want to be with a hellcat like Amy?"  She 
pointed at Amy Rose.  
     "Who ya callin' hellcat?!" Amy snapped.  "She's not a hellcat..
um..Shotwell, is it?  She's a great girl, and one of my best friends!"  
      Shotwell picked him up.  "Yo!!" Sonic yelled, "Put me down!"  
     "No way, Soniank!" said Shotwell, "You escaped from me once, but 
this time, we WILL be together!"  Then, like in one giant leap, she 
jumped off, holding Sonic, kicking at her, trying to get away, but no 
success.  
     "Amy!!" he cried as Shotwell took him away.  
      Amy despritly ran after them, but they were gone in a flash.  
"SONIC!!!" she cried, "Noo!"  She suddenly tripped over a rock.  
Instead of getting up, she stayed down, crying.  "Noo..." she weeped, 
"Not Sonic...not my little blue hedgehog...*SNIFF*"  Sonic couldn't be 
gone now, could he?  No way!  She then remembered what happened when 
Mecha Sonic kidnapped her.  Sonic wasted no time to get her back.  So 
why should she sit there and let him be captured?
     She then snapped up, looking angry, tears streaming down her 
cheek.  "I'm not going to lose him that easily," she spoke as she 
slowly got back up. "He rescued me once...now it's my chance to return 
the favor."

     ~(CHAPTER 3)~
     Following the direction she saw Shotwell go, Amy found herself 
entering a zone.  She looked around. "The Sun Blast Zone!" she cried, 
"How dare Shotwell take Sonic here to fry!"
     She continued on in the zone.  Not really paying attention to what
she was doing, she was whacked on the head with a pole.  It made her 
fall, but she kept consciousness.  She looked up, and there was a 
robotic monkey, not Coconuts, but black with yellow stripes, holding 
poles.  "Hello, young hedgie!!" it chirped, "Dr. Shotwell told me you'd
be coming around here, and spread the word to all the other robots on 
South Island!  We'll all be here to prevent you from coming after her, 
in the name of... Bananas!"  It threw more poles at Amy, and she jumped
over them all.
     "Hey!" Amy shouted at Bananas, "Why don't you pick on somebody 
your own size!"  Bananas jumped out of the tree and stood up straight. 
It was the same height as she was.  "Oh... nevermind!"  Bananas held up
another pole and swung it at her, but she ducked, and grabbed it.  "You 
need to be taught some manners!" she said, smacking Bananas with it.  
He blew up, and turned into a flower.
     Just then, out of nowhere, Amy tripped.  But something knocked her
over.  She looked up, and saw a robotic road-runner.  "Hello, young Amy
Rose," it chirped, "Say hello to...Dash!"  He ran off, but charged 
back, knocking Amy over again.  
     "Knock that off!" Amy yelled.  
     "Why should I?" Dash responded, picking her up by the back collar 
of her shirt, and throwing her into the air.  As she fell back down, 
she saw Dash with its beak raised in the air.  She had to do something 
rather than fall, so as best as she could, she rolled into a ball, and 
spun into it.  It turned into a flower.
     She picked it.  "It may be a baddie," she said, "But it's awfully
pretty!  Maybe I can give this to Sonic...that is, if I rescue him in 
time..."  She continued down the zone, coming in with more contacts 
with Bananas and Dashes.  
     Just when it looked that she reached the end of Act 1, she was 
stung in the bottom, by something.  She jumped in the air in pain.  
"YEEOWCH!!!" she cried. "Oo..." She rubbed herself, then turned around 
angrily. "WHO DID THAT?!?!?" she screamed.  Just then, a robotic hornet
flew in front of her and stopped.  
     "Why, it was me: Hornell!"  
     "Hornell, huh?" said Amy, still rubbing her bottom. "Well I'll 
show you not to touch a girl's personal space again!"  She jumped into 
the air, doing another spin, and zoomed to Hornell, but it flew away in
time.  She landed and looked up. "You're not getting away THAT easily!"
She did another spin, and zoomed to Hornell, but it evaded her.  Amy 
didn't give up though, and kept spinning to a tree, bounced off a 
branch, and straight into Hornell, turning it into a flower.  She 
stopped her spin, and stood back up.  "I got you..." she murmured 
pleasantly.
     Amy went on, until she reached nothing but a pile of trees.  She 
looked around.  "Sonic?" she called.  Only a low echo responded.  
"Dang..." she mumbled. "Think I went the wrong..."  Just then, a fwoosh 
sped above her head, nearly setting her quills on fire "...way?"  She 
looked up to see a yellow robot, five times the size of herself. Its 
large metallic arms seemed to be made for blasters, and feet were 
rocket boosters.  On the top of its head was something of a missle 
launcher.  "Shotwell must have made this!" Amy cried. "Looks like I'm 
with a rocket scientist here!"
     The machine held its arms up at her, and kept blasting as it kept 
walking towards her.  All Amy could do was avoid every blast by jumping
over them.  Finally, it put its arms down.  This was her only chance to
hit it, and so she ran, spun, and whacked it in the chest.  It grew 
weak, but it seemed to continue on getting her.  It jumped into the air
and hovered right above her head.  She tried to move out of the way, 
but it stayed right over her.  Finally, the rocket boosters on its feet
turned off, and Amy just made it out of the way before the machine 
could land on her.  It did the same blaster gun thing again, and Amy 
knew just when to hit it, and did so.  After another attempt on 
squishing her, it bent down, and pointed its head straight at Amy.  
Suddenly, a missle popped out, and Amy barely missed it.  The machine 
setted up for another missle, but Amy whacked its head, making it 
weaker.  But it shot another missle.  Amy wasn't able to make it away, 
and the force blew her straight into a tree.  The machine looked up at 
Amy, thinking that she was unconscious.  But its orders from Shotwell
was to have her destroyed.  It flew up to the tree, and looked down at 
the out-cold Amy, raised its arm, and... "Just kidding!" Amy cried as 
she jumped up, and spun into its chest, making it blow up.  Several 
seeds landed, and flowers grew.   "Haha!"  Amy laughed in success. 
"This little pink hedgehog has defeated the Sun Blast Zone!"  
     She then cut her victory pose, and continued on.  "Now where do I 
go?" she wondered as she walked by a river bank.  As if her question 
was answered, a splash of the current knocked her into the river, and 
swept her towards Emerald River Zone.

     ~(CHAPTER 4)~ 
     As she was underwater, she couldn't say anything.  All she could 
do was think.  <(So this is Emerald River Zone,)> she thought, <(I have
to watch myself.  I could easily drown!)>  As soon as she entered the 
zone, the current let up, and she was just underwater.  She noticed an 
air bubble bank, swam to it, and caught a few breaths.  She then went 
on swimming.  
     She swam around under the river, looking around, and catching 
magic rings.  She suddenly needed some air.  Luckily there was an air 
bubble bank in front of her, and as she swam to get a bubble, she was 
bit by something, which cost all her magic rings.  Suddenly, right in 
front of her, was a robotic piranta.  "Bubbleeblhaa!" cried Amy, 
although her voice was muffled by the water.  The robo-piranta could 
talk easier.  
     "Yes," it said, "Right the first time!  I am Piriata!"  He bit her
in the leg, and caused her to sink down, but she grabbed a magic ring, 
and was able to swim back to Piriata.  She tried to spin, but 
underwater, it was difficult.  But she had an idea.  She swam towards 
the bottom bank of the river, Piriata following her.  As soon as they 
got on the underwater surface, she did a Triple S Spin, and headed 
straight for the robo-fish.  Piriata couldn't make it out in time, was 
sawed by Amy, and turned into a flower.
     Amy then realized that she desperately needed air and was running 
out of time.  She swam back to the air bubble bank, and took in some 
oxygen just in time.  <(Now what?)> she wondered.  
     As she swam back to where she had defeated Piriata, something else
bit her, and made her lose her rings again.  But it felt more like a 
pinch than a bite.  There was a weak little robo-lobster at her feet.  
<(Pinchers, get lost,)> Amy thought as she did a spin into it, turning 
it into a small flower.  <(I know quite alot about this stage!)> Amy 
thought as she continued on.
     But there were more than weak Pinchers here.  Amy had gotten into 
an encounter with a robo-goldfish, known as Goldy.  It would spit H20 
fire at Amy, which she hardly got away from.  She lost her rings a few 
times, and had gone on empty when she finally spun into it and 
turned it into a flower.
     Wasn't over yet.  She had gotten halfway through the zone, when 
she came upon a robo-shark.  "Allow me to introduce myself, my dear," 
it said. "I am Jaws!  Not the one in the movie, though..."  It rammed 
Amy through the water.  Amy could do nothing more but try to avoid it 
and the deadly rams.  She had an idea rather than just trying to avoid 
it or kill it.  As it nearly side-swiped her, she grabbed onto the 
robotic back fin.  Success!  Jaws was leading Amy towards the main 
boss!  As soon as Jaws came just about close, it made a wild turn, 
which made Amy let go, and into an air bubble tank.  After breathing a 
few times, she held her breath and swam for the main boss' place, which
was into a tube.
     She was just about to enter it, when she was knoccked away from something.  She looked up, and there was another Goldy.  <(Not another one..)> Amy whined in her mind.  "You'll have to get through ME before seeing the big cheese itself!" it said and shot icefire at Amy.  She swam away from it, and then started doing a tornado spin underwater, creating a whirlpool around Goldy, sending it right above the surface, long gone history.  Amy finally entered the tube.
     It took her through a crazy ride, like on a roller coaster, and spat her out in a small room.  This time, the water was up to her waist, and so she could breathe.  She looked up at another piece of machinery, again five times as big, but it looked like a ball with spider legs, and a tube extended from the face.
     The machine put its tube in the water, making a giant whirlpool.  
Amy was thrown in circles all over the water, coming closer to the 
Whirl-Bot.  She didn't get enough time to escape, and was hit by it.  
She lost all her rings, and laid in the water for awhile.  But a big 
splash made her jump back up.  The Whirl-Bot was about to suck her to 
it again, and Amy knew that she had to attack it somehow.  A lightbulb 
seemed to appear above her head, as she was pulled to the bot.  While 
being pulled, she did a spin, and as she got right up to it, she spun
into it, making it blow up, and once again, freeing a bunch of flowers.
Amy did her victory pose, closing one eye and sticking up two fingers, 
then continued on.
     "That's it for Emerald River Zone," she said to herself. "Now my 
next stop is....YAAAHHHH!!!!!!!!!"  She screamed as she fell through a 
hole, and as she fell, she got colder.  <(I'm starting to freeze!)> she
thought, <(It looks like I'm entering the Polar Cap Zone)>

     ~(CHAPTER 5)~
     She fell, until she landed into freezing cold water.  She quickly 
swam right back up to surface, and crawled onto a sheet of ice.  She 
covered her arms and shivered as she looked around.  It looked to be an
underground cave with snow and a lot of icicles.  Her muscles ached 
from the fall, and felt like just sitting there and freezing.  She
wanted to give up, but the thought of Sonic kept her going.
     She was just about to stand up, when something pushed her to other
other side of the sheet.  She looked over her shoulder.  "A seal!" she 
cried.  
     "Not just any seal," the robo-seal responded, "you can call me... 
Ceal!"  It ran, then skidded on the ice on its belly towards Amy.  She 
jumped away, and landed on it, turning it into a flower.  
     "Please to meet your aquanauts!" she retorted at the flower.
     She raced off, jumping onto other sheets of ice, and climbing over
snow hills.  She had slid down one all the way to the bottom, when she
came face-to-face with a robotic-walrus.  "What the--"  
     "Now, little Amy Rose," it said. "I thought you knew everything 
about these stages that Dr. Shotwell created!  I don't see how you 
wouldn't know... Bubbles!"  
     "Wouldn't forget you!" Amy replied, preparing a spin right into 
it.  But Bubbles just whapped her with its tail, sending her into the 
wall.  She was okay, and kept her rings.  Bubbles sent ice bubbles at 
Amy, and she dodged just in time.  While dodging, she went into a spin,
and headed towards Bubbles.  It was still shooting ice bubbles at her, 
and as she blew it up and transformed it into a flower, she also lost 
her magic rings.  "Dangit!" she cried standing herself up, "I got to be
more careful!"
     Amy went on, until she reached a spot where there were no more ice
sheets left to jump on.  "Looks like it's another 'Undersea World of 
Amy Rose' for me," she said as she prepared for a dive.  Holding her 
breath, she leaped in.  Now she knew how the people on the Titanic 
felt.  The water was FREEZING, mostly because it's in the Polar Cap 
Zone.
     Amy noticed an air bubble tank, and swam over to take a breath.  
hat's she was bodyslamed by a robotic polar bear.  It was all white, 
and you could tell its name was Whitey.  Whitey succeeded in slamming 
Amy Rose 50 feet under the water.  The pressure was making her weak, 
but she had to continue on.  She swam upwards, when Whitey slammed into
her again, but slammed her the way she was going...up!  Whitey kept 
slamming her, forcing her to keep going.  No time to stop for the air 
bubble.  She kept swimming up, with the help of Whitey.
     Finally, she reached surface of another ice sheet, but was then 
bumped right onto it from the robo-bear.  It jumped onto the ice sheet 
with Amy, and prepared a bodyslam.  "Sorry, Whitey," said Amy. "But no 
more!"  She did a spin into it, causing an explosion, and turning it 
into a flower.
     Then, she noticed something ahead of her.  Taking a few steps 
forward, she saw clearly another machine, which looked like a giant 
snowman, but no Frosty the Snowman!  It had an evil growl on its 
metallic snowballed head, and a frown on its coal eyes.  Suddenly, its 
mouth opened, and snowballs tumbled out.  Amy was luckily able to jump 
over them all.  But then the Snowbot opened its mouth and exhaled a 
frosty breath onto her, turning her into ice.  The ice finally broke, 
but Amy lost her rings.  She quickly grabbed a few, then raced at the 
Snowbot.  It sent out a few more snowballs, but Amy jumped on top of 
each, until she got to the Snowbot, did a spin, and smacked its head.  
It was weakening, but drew out breath again.  Amy ducked this time, and
as the snowballs came out, she took advantage of them, then spun at 
its head again.  The Snowbot fell down in defeat, exploded, and sent 
out seeds, planting flowers.  
     Amy once again did her victory pose, but then stopped when a 
figure stood in front of her.  She gazed up at it.  It was a 
person-like creature, with webby-brown hair, green skin, and wearing a 
scientist uniform.  "Dr. Shotwell!" Amy cried.  
     "I underestimated you, Amy," said Shotwell. "You got through my 
three zones quite well.  Better than I even expected."  
     "Got that right, lady!" yelled Amy, "Now let Sonic go!"  
      She prepared for another spin, but stopped short when Shotwell 
held something in front of her.  There was, of course, everyone's 
favorite blue hedgehog, being held in the grasp of Dr. Shotwell trying 
to squirm away.  Amy gasped.  "Sonic!" she cried.  Sonic stopped 
squirming and looked down.  
     "Amy!" he cried, "GET ME OUTTA HERE!!!"  
     "You heard him!" Amy shouted to Shotwell, "Let him go!"  
     "Never!!" Shotwell yelled, pulling Sonic away, "I won't let YOUR 
dirty paws on my guy again!"  
      She leaped out the ceiling.  Amy, bouncing on the fowers, 
followed suit.  They were all outside now in the cold snowy weather.  
Shotwell saw that Amy was behind her, and so she ran off, at amazing 
speed.       
     "Still can't catch up to me," said Sonic.  Amy desperately
followed, but as Shotwell leaped off, there was a huge rumble.  The 
zone was collapsing!  She tried get get off, but it was too late.  The 
ground underneath her gave out and she fell.
     There was nothing there for a while, until a red bi-plane came 
into the scene, Amy on top.  "Nice catch, Soanic!" Amy exclaimed as 
Soanic, Sonic's ex-evil twin brother, flew the bi-plane after Shotwell.
"How'd ya know I was here?"  
     "I was taking this baby for a test drive, when I saw you enter a 
zone, and saying something about Sonic, so I followed you!"  He winked.
"He saved me once too*. It'd be nice ot pay him back by helping you!"       Amy smiled.  "Thanks, Soanic!"  He flew the plane on the trail Shotwell went.
     
     ~(CHAPTER 6)~
     Shotwell just kinda flew away, as Soanic and Amy flew in the 
bi-plane after her.  "Follow her as best as you can, Soanic," Amy
 commanded. "Then let me off, and I'll try to get Sonic!"
     Soanic noticed something in the distance.  "Look out, Amez," he 
said. "Eagleye at 12 'o clock!"  Indeed, two robo-eagles flew towards 
the bi-plane.  
     "I'll handle 'em!" Amy announced, going into a spin, and knocking 
into one.  The other rubbed against the plane, but Soanic side-swiped 
it.  
     "You okay, Amy?" he called up.  
     Amy was back on the top. "Yeah," she responded.
     Then, a herd of robotic bumblebees starting flying next to the 
plane.  "Buzzers!" Amy cried.  
     "Just hang on," said Soanic, "I'll take care of them!"  He waved 
the plane back and forth, knocking into them.  Some still made it 
though, and started stinging at the motor.  It caused a few technical 
shortages.  "Hey knock that off!" Soanic yelled to the bees.  
     "I'll handle it, Soanic!" Amy shouted, jumping off the top, and 
landing on top of the bees, forcing them into the propeller and Amy 
jumping on the hood just in time.  
     "Geez, Amy," said Soanic, "You're not the usual Amy Rose I know!"  
     Amy stood back on the top. "I'd do anything for Sonic," she said. 
"Even if it means mimicking his moves!"  
     "Got that right," Soanic whistled. "Never knew you could do a 
Sonic Spin!"
      Just then, something pecked at Amy's head.  She turned around to 
see a Jay, a robotic bluejay of course.  She whapped it away, but it 
came back strong, and knocked her off the plane.  "Amy!!!" Soanic 
cried, looking over the edge.  There was Amy Rose, holding on to the 
wheels for dear life.  
     "I'll be okay, Soanic," she called.  Jay started pecking the back
of her head.  "Ouch!" she cried, then turned to it angrily. ""I just 
had about enough of you!"  She let go, curled into spin, and knocked 
into Jay, turning it into a seed as it fell to the ground hundreds of 
feet below. So did Amy. 
     Soanic acted fast, pulled the controls down, and caught Amy on the
top.  "You're 'da man, Soanie!!" she exclaimed.  
     "Ya got that right, Amez," the black hedgehog replied. "And it's 
SOANIC to you!"  
     Amy lifted her nose in the air.  "Soanic, go right!" she said, 
"Dr. Shotwell was here!  I can tell!"  Soanic put his fingers on his 
forehead in a salute-look.  
     "You're the boss," he responded, as he made a right turn.
     
     ~(CHAPTER 7)~
     Soanic flew the bi-plane into a city.  "You sure she was here, 
Amez?" Soanic asked, cautious in leading the plane around skyscrapers.  
     "Yep," Amy Rose replied. "Go near that building roof!"  Soanic did
so, and Amy hopped off.  "Thanks, Soanic," she said. "I owe ya!"  
Soanic nodded and smiled.  
     "Just make sure my brother's okay," he said, and flew off.
     Amy ran on top of the buildings, jumping over each.  There was one
jump she almost didn't make, but she climbed up.
     This zone was quite different from the others.  There were plenty 
of magic rings floating around, but there were no badniks.  She kept
running until there were no more buildings left to jump on.  She stood
at the edge of the roof, nothing left but a skyscraper.  That's also 
when she saw a glimpse of scaley green skin.  There she was, Dr. 
Shotwell, that demon.
     "Just who do you think you are?" Sonic asked, being held in her 
grasp, "King Kong?"  
     "I'm just finding that best spot to hide from Amy," Shotwell 
responded, pressing her back on the wall to keep from falling.  
     Sonic then noticed something and grinned. "Well you're not doing a
good job at it!"  He pointed at a nearby building roof, and there was 
Amy Rose.  
     "Grr...Damn you!" Shotwell cried, doing a super leap, and landed 
on top of the building Amy was standing on.  She let Sonic go, and 
pushed him to an clear area.  
     "Hey, Amy, I'm free!" Sonic cried. "Let's pop this jointstand!"  
     Amy only shook her head. "No, Sonic," she respponded. "I'm staying
a while.  I'm going to teach this hellcat not to mess with MY man... 
err um, hedgehog!"  
     Shotwell grinned.  "Fine by me," she said. "I'll fight to get my 
guy back."  
     "As will I," Amy replied.  Suddenly, Shotwell jumped into the air,
and landed straight on Amy's head.  She fell down, but as Shotwell did
another jump, she rolled away in time.  She stood back up. "Hey, 
Sonic!" she called. "Look what I learned from you!"  She did a spin, 
straight to Shotwell.  She held up her arm, and ricocheted Amy into a 
watertower stand, but she came straight back, and whacked Shotwell in 
the head.  She fell, but soon came straight back up.
     Sonic kept out of it.  He knew this was Amy's fight.  Instead, he 
cheered her in the backround. "Go get 'er, Amez!  Give her a nice left 
hook!"
     Amy did so, but Shotwell caught it, and threw her to the ground.  
She then pounded her on her stomach with her foot a few times.  Amy 
felt like throwing up, but suddenly, had to strength to grab her foot, 
and pull her to the ground.  Shotwell jumped back up, but Amy pushed 
her back down, then jumped into the air, and landed straight on her 
face.  She could hear a crunch from under her foot.  She stepped off, 
and only a lifeless Shotwell laid on the ground.
     She ran to Sonic and into his arms, hugging him.  "I did it, 
Sonic!" she cried, "I fought a baddie and found you!"  
     Sonic rubbed her hair. "You sure did," he replied. "Good job!"  
     "Yeah good job...of losing!" said a voice mysteriously behind 
Sonic.  Suddenly, Amy found herself being pushed off violently by a 
creature.  Sonic turned and gasped, and was suddenly grabbed onto 
again.  "Oh no, not this again!" he groaned.  
     Amy sat up, and there was Shotwell, holding Sonic in her grasp 
once again.  "I thought I made it clear to you that you lost!" she 
yelled, pointing at her.  
     "Does it look like I'm losing?" Shotwell responded, with a sudden 
dash at Amy, tackling into her, and making her fall off the 
roof building.  Shotwell looked over, and Amy was still holding onto 
the ledge for dear life.  "Well, we all know what's coming up next," 
she chuckled, raising her foot.  
     Sonic gasped. "Don't you DARE!" he cried.  
     "This is for your own good, Soniank," Shotwell mumbled, stamping 
her foot on Amy's hand.  She cried out in pain and quickly pulled it 
out, but it only made her lose her balance with the other hand, and she
fell down.  
     "AMY!!!!!" Sonic cried as Amy seemed to plummet towards death.

     ~(CHAPTER 8)~
     Amy opened her eyes.  She was alive!  She looked around.  She 
looked to be in a place of garbage.  <(Garbage?!  Yeuck!)>  She shot 
straight up.  She had landed in a garbage disposal.  Disgusting, but 
thankful.
     She got back out, and looked up.  It seemed to be a long fall, 
which had caused her to be blacked out for a long time.  Now she had no
idea where either Sonic or Shotwell were.
     Shotwell had dug a tunnel underground, which led to a large open 
area.  Sonic sat on the floor on the other side, and frowned at 
Shotwell.  "It'll be okay, Soniank," she assured him. "Amy won't find 
us here.  You and I will be together, as it was meant to be."  
     The hedgehog stood up.  "It's SONIC, not SONIANK," he said. "And 
what makes you think that forcing someone to like you is the way to 
lead a good love life?"  Shotwell quickly ran up and covered his mouth.
     "Hush," she said, "I can't believe you don't remember.  You and I 
use to be an item, until Amy came along and stole you!  You fell in 
love with her, and forgot all about me.  But I'll make sure it won't 
happen again." 
     "Lady," said Sonic, "You got yourself one mental case!"  
     "How can you say that?" cried Shotwell. "Wait...it's that 'thing'!
First she steals my guy, then she even takes my idea of the Chaos 
Emerald System."  
     "What are you talking about?" Sonic asked, a bit exasperated 
because he was stuck in a place with what seemed to be a whacko woman. 
     Shotwell sighed as she went over to the corner.  "Something has 
gotten over you, Soniank," she said. "I can't believe you forgot 
about..." She pulled out the Chaos Emerald project. "This!"  Sonic only
gazed down at it.  
     "Chaos Emeralds!" he exclaimed.  
     "Yes," Shotwell nodded. "This was my idea, and Amy took it away 
for the Marriage Couple Contest and took the credit.  She even involved
you, Soniank!"  
     "Soniank..." Sonic mumbled.  He looked into her eyes, and saw 
something.  Suddenly, he just got it!  "The Chaos Emeralds must have 
done something to your body!" he explained. "You're not used to them, 
and it just gave you this weird affect!  It must have angered you about
this Amy person, and her husband, plus your old boyfriend, Soniank!  
You got me and Amy Rose mixed up!"  
     Shotwell grabbed his shoulders, making the project fall.  "Don't 
say that," she growled. "Although I cannot blame you,  Amy has had a 
strong force against you, you'd do anything to stay wth her instead of 
me!"  
     "Look, Lady," said Sonic putting her arms back down, "You got the 
wrong Amy!  Amy Rose is really a sweet, little hedgehog, who wouldn't 
harm a flea!"  
     "Amy Roflazion is no Sweet Tart!" Shotwell screamed, "After I make
you realize that, I will make her pay!"
     "Wrong!" cried a voice, "I'm going to make YOU pay...one captured 
blue hedgehog!"  Shotwell and Sonic turned.  There was Amy, standing on
the other side, hands on hips, growling from one end to the other.  
      "Amy!" Sonic cried in delight, "How'd you find us?"  
     "I followed you both in those zones.  Not only that, I used that 
scent thingy you taught me!  Sniffing!  And I happened to smell 
Moonlight Delight purfume from you know who!"  She glared at Shotwell. 
"Remind me to thank Antoine for wearing that stuff!" 
     Shotwell stared angrily at Amy.  "No...NOT THIS TIME!!!"  She 
picked up the Chaos Emerald Project, and rose it over her head, 
preparing to throw it at Amy, but the surge suddenly went through her 
body again.  Amy was making her so steamed, the powers were making her 
stronger.  Her green skin turning scaley, big, and brown.  Her hair 
fell out, and her face morphed into a dragon's face.  "NO!!!" she 
screamed, "YOU'RE NOT TAKING AWAY MY SONIANK!!!!!!!"  She could hold 
Sonic right in her palm, which she did, and jumped out of the whole 
underground, leaving Amy behind, getting buried by the dirt, knocking 
her out.  The last thing she could remember was Sonic crying out for 
help.
     Amy slowly woke up, and coughed out the dust and dirt that she 
inhaled while the Underground collasped above her.  She got out from 
under the dust pile, and wiped the dust from her skirt.  She looked up:
The ceiling was sealed.  She could run out of oxygen.  "Gotta find a 
way to get outta here!" she cried. "Otherwise, I might run out of air, 
and Sonic will be gone forever with that...witch!"  She looked around, 
then noticed something buried.  She went over, bent down, and started 
digging.  Soon, she pulled out the Chaos Emerald project.  She looked 
up, then back down at the emeralds, a bit worried.  "My body isn't use 
to it," she said to herself. "I may end up like Shotwell..."  But then 
a look of bravery came upon her face, as she stood up.  "No one takes 
away MY Sonic!  And I mean NO ONE!"  She held it above her head, as the
Chaos Emerald's powers combined, covered Amy's body whole, and she 
started to glow gold.  Soon, she looked at herself.  She glowed a faint
pink, plus bright gold.  With the powers of seven Chaos Emeralds, she 
had turned herself into Super Amy Rose.
     "Hang on, Sonic!  I'm coming!" she yelled, as she flew straight 
into the ceiling, out of the collapsed underground, and back into the 
world.  She flew straight for the city nearby.

     ~(CHAPTER 9)~
     Amy was flying in the air, looking down on the ground, for any 
traces of Shotwell's tracks.
     Amy thought about Dr. Shotwell, and how she herself didn't become 
so crazed over something like that.  They were practically the same 
reasons: Dr. Shotwell went that way because the anger of her ex-friend 
Amy Roflazion made her crazy to get Soniank back, and demand revenge
on Amy.  But she thought Amy was Amy Roflazion and Sonic was Soniank. 
The Chaos Emeralds turned Amy into a super form for her love of Sonic, 
and how she would have to fight to rescue him.  That's all she could 
think of.
     There was something ahead of her.  Looking closely, Amy saw that 
it was Dr. Shotwell, in her hyper form.  The Chaos Emeralds could make 
her fly, as with Amy.  But poor Sonic was just stuck in a hand, not 
flying at all.
     Super Amy flew up to Hyper Shotwell, seeing that she was now as 
big as a mountain.  "I'll NEVER let you get away!!" she screamed. "I'll
follow you, no matter what I go through to get my hedgehog back!"  
     "You'll NEVER get my guy again!" Shotwell screamed, squeezing Sonic
in her grip, making him lose his breath.  She flew off faster.  
     "No you don't..." Amy mumbled, flying on her trails.
     She quickly flew right under her and then straight up her front 
body, did a quick wave at Sonic, then uppercutted Shotwell as hard as
her superbody could.  Wasn't much, though.  Shotwell only rubbed her 
chin, then flicked Amy.  In her super form, Amy wasn't hurt, and 
immediately came right back and grabbed her tail, as if she was slowing
her down.  "Let him go!!" she screamed, tugging.  Shotwell looked down 
at her, pathetically pulling at her tail.  She whapped it in air, the 
force knocking Amy away.  
     "Can't you see that I won't let you take him back?!" Shotwell 
yelled, as she flew away. "No matter what you're doing, I'll always 
keep him!  You won't take him away EVER again!!"
     Amy was getting steamed.  She had fought all those bots in the 
zones, nearly got beaten up by the sub-bosses, almost got killed 
falling down the building, nearly got buried alive at the underground, 
and turned herself into Super Amy Rose, all for Sonic!   Was she going 
to give up now because of a stubborn bitch?
     "NEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Amy screamed, flying full blast.   
She flew past Hyper Shotwell, and then stopped, turned around, armed 
her fist, and flew full blast at her.  Shotwell could see her coming, of
course, and tried to duck, but there wasn't enough time, and Amy 
slugged her right in her eye.  It was painful, she screamed out loud, 
and dropped Sonic, covering her eye with both hands.  Amy immediately 
saw it, and flew down straight for him.  Sonic, meanwhile, cried out 
and then closed his eyes as the ground came closer, faster.  <(Who 
would've thought this hedgehog's end would come to this?)> he thought, 
when suddenly, he stopped falling.  He opened his eyes, and there was 
Amy, holding him in her arms.  He let out a sigh of relief.  
     "Hey, nice look for you, Super Amez," he said. "Gold's quite your 
color!"  
     Amy smirked.
     Shotwell then uncovered her eye.  She saw Super Amy Rose fly Sonic
down to the ground.  "The story will not repeat itself," she said as 
she started heading towards the two.  Back on the ground, Sonic noticed
her.  
     "Psycho woman at twelve O' clock, Amy," he pointed out.  She 
looked up at the sky, watching Hyper Shotwell came closer.  "I'll take 
care of her," he said, beginning to accelrate, but Super Amy only held 
an arm at his chest.  
     "Stay here," she commanded. "You always had your fun, but this 
time, it's my turn!"  She flew back up into the sky, only leaving Sonic
to watch helplessly.  <(Be careful, Amy,)> he thought.
     The two figures in the sky sped towards each other, until there 
was a big clash.  Then, there they were, sharing fists and kicks, right
over the bay of the city.  "You've taken him away from me once, Amy," 
Shotwell shouted, "but I WILL take him back!!  And you won't steal him 
away from me again!!"  
     "Listen!!" Amy shouted back, "You got us mixed up!  I'm not the 
same Amy that stole your boyfriend!  Sonic isn't your lost love!  The 
Chaos Emeralds' powers possesd your body into jealousy, giving you the 
wrong idea of us!"  
     "LIAR!!!" Shotwell screamed, sending a bolt of energy from her 
hand, and into Super Amy.  It knocked her down into the city streets, 
cracking them.  Cars immediately stopped for her.  Everyone could hear 
a chuckle coming from Shotwell from above.  Amy too heard heard it.  
She slowly stood right back up.  
     "You're not taking him... away..." she said.  She flew back in the
sky, but her impact on the ground kept her weak.  She saw Hyper 
Shotwell preparing for another blast, when she leaned over a little.  
Amy's eyes widened.  From all the powers of the Chaos Emerald in her 
body, it was starting to run out.  All she had to do was wait!
     However, it was bad judgement.  She may have been getting weak, but she 
still had enough power left, which let her create a massive energy 
ball, and hurtled it into Super Amy.  It knocked her into a skyscraper.
She floated in the air softly.  With more hits like that, the super 
form would wear off her.  Now all she had to do was drain the effect 
off Shotwell first.  She rose up on the skyscraper, to the lightning 
rod, and tore it off.  She looked over at Hyper Shotwell.  "You ready 
for more?" she asked, preparing another energy blast.  
     Amy frowned.  "No way!" she screamed.  With the energy left inside
of her, she flew full speed ahead at Shotwell, the lightning rod 
straight in front of her. Before she could send the blast, Amy pierced 
it right in her heart.  She screamed in pain, ringing everything in 
town.  The powers were quickly draining off, and she turned from a 
brown monster, to scaley grenn, and back into a person.  The rod came 
right out of her chest, and she plummeted to the water, full splash and
all.
     Amy did it.  She rescued Sonic, and defeated Dr. Shotwell.  But 
now she was getting weak from her high speed.  The powers were draining
from her too.  The rod was getting heavier.  As soon as she dropped it,
she turned back into her regular form, and fell from the sky.  Sonic, 
watching everything that happened, saw this, and ran straight for her 
on the deck.  Before she could strike the ground with deadly impact, he
caught her right in his arms.  She immediately woke up, a bit tired.  
"You alright, Amy?" he asked, setting her down. 
     "Shotwell..." she mumbled, then looked around. "Where is she?"  
     "Last I saw," Sonic responded, "She went straight into the water!"
He pointed at the bay. Amy saw a floating body, and ran straight off 
the deck, into the water, and swam after her.  When she got there, she 
turned Shotwell to float on her back.  She was still alive.  She 
glanced over at Amy.  
     "Amy....Rose...." she mumbled, "I'm so sorry..." 
     Amy took her in one arm, and used the other to paddle back to the 
dock, where she was met by Sonic.  "Here," she said, lifting Lidia up, 
"Take her."  Sonic grabbed her under her arms and dragged her back up, 
as Amy climbed up the other side.  At that time, of all the commotion 
of Super Amy and Hyper Shotwell, an ambulance was waiting just by the 
dock.  Paramedics raced in with a wheelbed, took Shotwelk on it, into 
the ambulance, and drove off.  Sonic and Amy stood there watching it 
leave, until it was out of sight.
     "You think she'll be okay?" Amy asked.  
     Sonic nodded. "I hope so."  He looked at the ground. "I also hope
she'll get that Soniank guy back."  He looked up at Amy. "Even if she
was evil at that moment and tried to kidnap me, she's still an innocent
person, who accidentally let power get to her."  Amy nodded, and for a 
long moment, she and Sonic stared into each other's eyes.  Then she 
spoke up. 
     "Hey, Sonic?"
     "Yeah?
     "Would you EVER want to date a woman like Dr. Shotwell?"
     "PFT!!  The day when I stop eating chili dogs!"
     Amy nodded, turned her head, and smiled secretly.  <(There's STILL
a chance!)>
                                                                    
     The End    

*In one of my untold stories, "The Spanish Fighters".  Look in Sally 
Moon's site for it.