Close Encounters of the Sonic Kind Chapter 1: The Comet


        It was early morning and the sun has just begun to cast shadows
over the horizon.  Rotor was watching a strange object burn its way 
across the starless sky. 
	Sonic came up to him. "Hey, what's up?"                 
	Rotor turned to him, pointing to his telescope. "There's a 
comet or something up there."  Sonic looked into the eyepiece. 
       "Whoa, I see two of 'em, and they're HUGE!"  Rotor looked into 
the sky and watched one of the pieces hurtle toward the ground in the 
direction of the Great Swamp.  As it disappeared below the trees a 
distant rumble echoed through the air.  The second piece had turned 
toward them and looked like a second sun in the sky. Rotor's eyes grew 
large. 
       "I've never seen a comet do that before. It'll go right over 
us."  The burning mass grew larger and the sound of it splitting the 
air was intense. 
       "Oh man, look at that thing!" Sonic yelled as the massive 
fireball glided over them. The heat from the object was hotter than the
sun itself.  Pieces of hot debris landed in the river hissing and 
popping as they went. Some landed on the ground leaving burn marks on 
the earth.  The body of the comet faded away and again a distant 
rumble could be heard, growing softer until it was silent again.  
"We've gotta check that out!" Sonic told Rotor.  
       Rotor looked at a still glowing piece of the comet. "Maybe we 
should give it a chance to cool off first. Besides, the others are 
asleep and they'll want to see it too."  
       "Did you take any pictures?" Sonic asked Rotor. 
       "I sure did, and they should look better than the view through 
the telescope. I'll go develop them now."  Sonic looked at a plume of 
smoke rising above the trees and went to wake the others.

        After breakfast Sonic, Rotor, and the others began walking 
toward the still visible plume of smoke.  They came to a clearing in 
the forest. The ground was gouged out in a thirty-foot wide half pipe 
and the surrounding trees were scorched and smoldering. "This is 
unreal," Sally said, "it looks like the comet skidded along the ground,
digging this trench as it went."  
       "I wonder how far it goes?" Sonic replied. "We should measure it."  
       "I'm already on it," Rotor answered.  They couldn't see very 
far, as the ground was hot and steaming, creating a heavy fog. 
       Bunnie stopped suddenly and stared at the ground. "Hey, y'all 
lookit what I found." Sonic ran over.
	He stopped in amazement. Lying there on the ground was a 
massive steel ring about fifty feet wide, scorched and twisted with 
jagged bits of wire and metal hanging from it. Further ahead there were
other pieces of debris, including two large curved doors with the 
hinges still attached.  
       "What do you make of all this stuff?" Sonic asked Sally.
       "I don't know, but whatever it was, it was big."  Just then 
Bunnie, who had gone up ahead, yelled out.        
	"Hey, guys, I think y'all better come an' see this!"

        "Oh my gosh!" Sally said. 
        "Whoa, man!" Sonic replied. 
        "Uhhhhh, that wasn't a comet," Rotor followed.  In front of 
them was a fifty foot high wall of mangled steel. Another one of those 
rings was half torn out of the wreckage and a large oval shaped door, 
about six feet high could be seen beyond that, over thirty feet above 
the ground.  Live electrical wires sparked as they swung over the 
twisted metal.  
       "We're not getting in that way," Bunnie said. 
       "You want to go inside?" Sally asked.  
       Bunnie replied, "Nope, I just thought that's what y'all were 
thinkin'." As they walked around to the front of the wreck, Rotor 
measured its length. 
       "275 feet before it tapers off into the nose." There was a large
triangle-shaped fin on the left side, one on the top, and the one on 
the right was hanging by its cables and hydraulic lines, creaking 
gently as it swayed in the breeze. The entire surface was charred black
and still very hot to the touch.  There was a large windshield that 
wrapped around the top side of the nose like that of a jetliner.  Sally
stared at the side and saw a rectangular cutout near the windshield; 
maybe it was a door. As she looked around for some way up she noticed a
very large footprint on the ground, nearly twice the size of her own 
foot. She jumped back, startled. 
       "What's the matter, Sal?" Sonic asked. 
       "Nothing," Sally told him, her voice cracking.  There was a 
large tree that had fallen on top of the wreck and Sonic helped Sally 
get to the top. As she looked into the windshield she could see a box 
hanging by its wires. One corner had a red tint to it. Further back in 
the cockpit there was an open door. 
	She could see deeper into the ship, but beside that door was 
the single most frightening thing she had ever seen in her life.  A 
single bloody handprint, larger than any she had seen before, but the 
terrifying thing was the fifth finger on it.  Sally staggered back 
almost falling off the nose of the wreck. 
       "What do you see, Sally?" Rotor yelled. 
       "Nothing, it.... It's too dark to see anything," she replied.  
       "C'mon, Sal, we've got a three mile walk back to Knothole," 
Sonic yelled. "And I'm hungry." 
       "I'll be right down," Sally replied, and they began the walk home.






       When they returned to Knothole, Sir Charles was waiting for 
them.  "Uncle Chuck," Sonic said, "You won't believe what we found. 
There's a rocket or somethin' in the woods about three miles from 
here!"  
       "I know, Sonic. Listen to this. It was picked up by one of  
Robotnik's satellites," Charles said as he handed Sonic a data disc.  
Sonic gave the disc to Sally and she put it into Nicole. The static was
terrible, but they could still make out the words: 
       "Houston, we are entering low orbit and preparing to launch the
lander, all systems are go," a rough voice said. They could only hear 
one end of the conversation. The rest was severely distorted. "Roger 
that, Houston, we are go for launch in five, four, three, two, Ahhhhh!" 
The transmission was scrambled and breaking up. "Houston, something hit
us!  I repeat, we have struck an... in the upper atmosphere the 
instruments are lighting up like a ... mas tree.  We are going down, I 
have no engine power... flying dead...repeat I am flying.. stick ... no
power ... no engine readings... the lander is ... pray for us!"  
       "Whoa, that's incredible," Sonic said. Sally stood there in 
silence.  
       "It's not over yet," Sir Charles replied, as the static faded 
away the same rough voice returned, "Houston... I am alive; the others
are nowhere to be found... The ship is split at the cargo bay. The 
lander must have fallen out. I'm going to search for them..." The 
recording continued, "Not too badly, just a cut on my head and I'm a 
little rattled up, but I'm fine. I'll walk it off.  I'll report back to
you as soon as I learn something. It looks like I'm gonna be here for a
while."  
       "Does Robotnik know about this?" Sally asked.  
       "No, I kept it a secret since I was monitoring the satellites at 
the time," Charles said. 
       "Good, then he won't try to find this thing. That gives us a 
chance to get to him first," Sonic told the others. "We'll probably 
have to watch that wreck and see if he comes back."  
       "Are you sure that's a good idea?" Bunnie asked. "He's not gonna
be in a very good mood if he finds out we've been watchin' him."  For 
the next few days Sonic and the other's chased reports of some 
unknown intruder being spotted in and around Robotropolis. They had all
but given up, when Sally saw a lone shadow dash into a nearby factory. 
Sally and the others chased the figure into the factory and had almost 
caught up when six of Robotnik's massive robots attacked, blocking the 
exit and ending the search.  Sonic and the others dashed into a nearby 
air duct and began to climb out of the factory, when a mechanical claw 
sliced the elevated tunnel in half, leaving Sally, who had been lagging
behind, stranded on one side of the tunnel.  Sonic turned just in time 
to see the tunnel and Sally fall to the ground below, burying her in a 
mound of twisted wreckage. There was nothing he could do. As the robots
came toward them they ran down the tunnel to safety, regretfully 
leaving Sally behind.
        "I'm gonna kill that black-hearted, evil, wicked..." Sonic 
yelled in rage. "I shoulda went back and thrashed those hunks of scrap!
I could've saved Sal!" The others tried to hide their grief and at the 
same time calm Sonic down, but he simply went to his home and slammed 
the door.  
       At the same time Sally regained consciousness. Through her 
blurry vision she could see a black mass hovering over her. "Sonic?..."
she moaned as the shadow drifted toward her, and there was silence. For
 the next few days, Sonic and the others searched the factory for 
Sally, but she was nowhere to be found.  The place where she had fallen
left little clues to her whereabouts. A pool of blood on the ground 
where she had been buried by the debris, but no trail showing them 
where she had gone.  Sir Charles told them that she had not been 
captured and that the shadowed figure had disappeared as well.  Now 
they had a lead. That person had kidnapped Sally and was hiding her. 
Sonic decided to check the wreck again, this time more thoroughly.  

       The wreck looked different this time. The loose wires had been 
tied together and the ends covered up. There was a tree bracing the 
loose fin on the right side and footprints all around it.  Sonic was 
startled by the size of this person's shoes, nearly twice the size of 
his own.  
       "Sonic, you better come see this!" Rotor yelled.  A long rope 
ladder was hanging from the spot where Sally had jumped back; there was
a rectangular door in the side of the ship and an open panel to the 
left.  Sonic climbed the ladder and looked at the panel. All the 
buttons had been burned out, but the circuitry was intact.  
       "Hey, Sonic!" Bunnie hollered. "Y'all gonna come down or what?"  
       "Hold on a minute, I found something," he said.  He looked at 
the panel and slammed his fist against it. No way in, he thought. The 
surprise that was waiting for them at Knothole was a shock to them all.
	Sally was sitting at their computer. She greeted them with a 
smile. "Hi, Sonic," she began. "You might want to be careful." As she 
turned around in the chair they all could see that she had been injured.  
       "Sal..." Sonic said, "where have you been, and what happened to 
you?"  Sally's right leg and arm had been bandaged, as well as her 
stomach. There was a crude wooden crutch leaning against the wall.  
       She said, "After the air duct collapsed and I was buried, 
someone came and dug me out.  At first I thought it was you, but I 
passed out before I could really see well."  
       "Then who rescued you, Sally-girl?" Bunnie asked.  
       Sally started again. "It's a long story, but you can meet him 
soon. I told him you were trying to find him, and he is interested in 
meeting all of you." 
       "HIM?!?" Sonic gasped. The others were in shock as well. 
       Sally simply replied, "I'm tired. Can we talk about this 
tomorrow? There's a lot you need to know before we can do this." 
       "Sure, Sal," Sonic said, happy to have her back.



Close Encounters of the Sonic Kind Chapter 2: Sally's Story


        Sally awoke the next day, surrounded by her friends. She had 
slept almost the entire day and was still tired, but the others wanted 
to hear what she had to say.  Especially Sonic who had stayed awake the
entire night watching her, and waiting until she woke up.  "I guess 
I'll start with the accident in the factory, and go from there," she 
said. "After the air duct collapsed and I was buried, someone came and 
got me out of the wreckage.  I thought it was Sonic, but the figure was 
blurred and I wasn't able to see him.  I passed out from the loss of 
blood and don't remember anything after that.  I started to hear 
voices. They echoed and I couldn't understand what they were saying 
entirely, just bits and pieces." 
       "Well, what did you hear?" Bunnie asked. 
       "Was it our language, or something different?"  
       "I'll get to that," Sally replied. "At first I could only hear 
pieces of it. He talked to a person named Houston a lot. Sometimes he 
would talk about me."  
       "What do you mean talk about you?" Sonic interrupted.  
       "He told this Houston person about where he found me and that he
did to save me." Sally continued.  "He was going to 'have a better look
at me' if I didn't survive. I didn't know what that meant until he told
me."  
       "What did it mean, Sally?" Rotor said.  
       "It meant that he was going to cut me open and see what was 
inside me," Sally told him.  
       "Oh man, this guy's an animal!" Sonic yelled.  
       "I didn't think so," Sally said. "It was this Houston person 
that told him to do it, but he wasn't going to anyway." 
       "Whew!" Sonic sighed. 
       Sally continued. "I was laying in a bed about seven feet long in
a small room that was decorated with some bizarre pictures of big 
machines and different types of vehicles.  The door was partially open 
and when I tried to move out of it a box with a green line that moved 
would go off.  I later learned that there was a wire that hooked me to
that box and monitored my heart.  One day, I woke up and the box was 
gone. It was really quiet outside the room so I decided to take a look 
around. I used the wall to lean on and worked my way to the door. As I 
got closer I heard a beeping that sounded like Nicole. Then a voice 
said, 'Not exactly user friendly, are you?' I fell against the door and
it creaked open.  I stayed against the wall as I heard footsteps coming
toward me. He opened the door the rest of the way and rolled a chair 
into the room. Then he walked away.  My legs began to hurt so I grabbed
the chair and sat down. I couldn't see him from where I was but he knew
I was there.  'You can come out, I won't hurt you,' he said. I 
believed him, and pushed against the wall, rolling myself through the 
door."

	"What did you see?" Sonic said in an impatient voice. He wanted
to get to meeting this person for himself.  
        "He was sitting in a chair like mine, on the other side of a 
large room. He looked horrible; not really ugly, just very badly 
beaten-up.  He had a dirty, bloody, bandage wrapped around his left leg 
that went from his knee to his boot, another bandage around his right 
arm that covered up most of his hand and arm, and another around his 
head that covered one of his eyes and ears.  He was about six feet 
tall, wearing a dark blue jumpsuit that was torn up. He looked a lot 
like Robotnik, but not as fat and he had a kind face with brown hair 
and brown eyes.  What was really strange was that he had five fingers 
on his hands and not four like us, but nothing else was that different.
The first thing he told me was his name, Commander James Wester of the 
Explorer, and I told him who I was, he stood up, bowed, and said, 
'Forgive me, Princess, I did not know you were royalty.'  I told him 
that was all right, and I wanted to be called Sally. He said I could 
call him whatever I wanted to.  He told me that there were two others 
besides him but they were in another part of the ship and died. It 
didn't seem to upset him too much. He told me that was because they 
were supposed to go down to the surface and he was to fly around and 
wait for them to come back up instead of going down with them like he 
was told he would.

	"We talked for a very long time. He said that I had been out for
five days and that he had been on Mobius for two weeks."  
	"Does he know about us fighting Robotink?" Sonic asked. 
	Sally said, "Yes, and he wants to help out any way he can, 
since there is no chance of him going home.  I told him that he could 
use our technology to build another ship if he could. He said that 
would not be possible."  
	"He's a commander, right? Does that mean he's the one in 
charge?" Sonic said. 
        "No, he is commander of the mission, to our world but he takes 
orders from his superiors in Houston, a big city on his world," Sally 
told him. 
	"Well, how far away does this ol' boy live?" Bunnie asked. 
        "His world and ours follow the same path around the sun, but 
they stay on opposite sides of it, so we never see each other. They 
found our world by accident when they launched a probe to the fourth 
planet, Mars, and took a picture of the sun, them, and us from it."  
        "So when do we get to meet him?" Sonic asked.  
        "We can go there tomorrow. That way we'll have the whole day to
talk. There's a lot more I want to know about the world he comes from,"
Sally answered.  "Besides he still has Nicole, and I want her back."