Demon's Peak (demon_peak.txt)  (USE WORDPAD TO READ)
BY: DOOMbot (doombot@colosseum.com) and Speedstar The Hedgehog (no
email address yet)
a.k.a Enrico Bianco and John Testa
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LEGAL STUFF

Sonic The Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prower, Sally Alicia Acorn, Antoine
D'Coolette, Rotor, Bunnie, Amy Rose, Dr. Quack and other associated
characters and related indica (too long to list) are Copyright and TM
of Service and Games (SEGA) Of America and/or Archie Comics
Publications.  Used without permission.

Violet The Hedgehog and Valley The Hedgehog are Copyright of DOOMbot
and Speedstar The Hedgehog.  These characters may not be used without
permission from either one of us.  I have also fixed a mistake about
the village of Knothole.  It is a series of huts like a village and
not a building like I imagined before.  Also, the village of Rosco may
be used freely.  

Reader Discretion advised, this may get ugly (no sexual acts though,
just blood and/or extreme pain and stuff).  

This story cannot be distributed without my express permission.
This work is Copyright of Enrico Bianco and John Testa, 1997
        
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TIME LINE: Three Years and two months after the DOOMSDAY PROJECT.....
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        
        In the village of Rosco near the mountain of Demon's Peak, another
Freedom Fighter village in the Northern Continent, the sun sets and
the shine of the sun disappears from the mountain.  Violet and her
sister Valley prepare to voyage to Knothole the next morning to see
their cousin Sonic.  Being able to say your cousin is the best freedom
fighter there was and will ever be is quite a luxury.  Violet remained
speechless, too busy packing her bags to pay attention to her sister
but her sister talked anyways, "I wonder what's been happening at
Knothole these days, now that Robotnik is gone."  Violet was
distracted now so she just answered, "I don't know but we're heading
there tomorrow."  Content with Violet's answer, Valley remained
speechless also.  An average night at Rosco Village....

        Two hedgehogs had climbed the mountain, Demon's Peak that night. 
They were watching the sun set.  The two climbers were packed with a
lunch and a LOT of tools to climb with, including a pick to make
notches for their feet.  Suddenly, a glow appeared from a certain part
of the mountain.  The two hedgehogs assumed it was rare gold and
starting using their picks to dig towards the gold.  When the two
diggers had finished digging, they did not find gold, instead, they
found a Chaos Emerald.  It was black as black could be but it shined a
rare shade of gold.  "This is what we were looking for?", the first
one said.  The second one was skeptical, "I dunno but it is shining. 
Let's pick it up".  Just as their hands reached for the emerald, it
talked using more than one voice, "We are The Three Demons of The
Black Chaos Emerald and you are our avatars..."

        Sonic checked his calendar when he woke up the next morning.  "WOO
HOO!!!  Violet and Valley are visiting today!!".  Tails ran to Sonic's
hut curiously and asked him a million dollar question cause he was so
clueless, "Who are Violet and Valley?".  Sonic was surprised that
Tails didn't know but he told him anyways.  "They are my fave
cousins!!".  Sonic was very content with the pending visit of Violet
and Valley.  They would be staying for a month.  Sonic thought of what
news he could tell them, "Maybe I should tell them about that ancient
board game I found or about Mecha's memory regaining process.  This
visit will be fun."  Mecha Sonic woke up, "What's that crazy hedgehog
rambling on about..."  He went to go check.  Sally meanwhile was just
covering her ears because Sonic was screaming and cheering while
eating breakfast, chili dogs of course.  Sally knew when Sonic's
favorite cousins were coming over by marking it on a calendar like
Sonic so she could plug her ears with ear plugs (and therefore not go
deaf).  Even though everybody was in different huts (and a few were
empty), everyone could still hear him and woke up, unfortunately for
them.  This happened everytime Sonic's favorite cousins, Violet and
Valley came over.  Mecha of course, was just plain mad, "YOU CRAZY
HEDGEHOG!!!  WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU??!!".  Sonic answered calmly, "My
favorite cousins are coming to visit Knothole.  I'm so excited." 
Mecha snapped at Sonic, "KEEP YOUR FEELINGS TO YOURSELF!!  YOU ARE
WAKING EVERYBODY UP!!".  That was Sonic's signal to calm down.

        Violet and Valley prepared to leave for Knothole.  The walk would
only be one hour.  Then they knew Sonic would start screaming with
excitement.  As they were leaving, two hedgehogs surprised them. 
"Heheheh, you'll be keeping us two company, heheheh".....  A
communication signal went to Knothole:

Mayor of Rosco Village: "Sonic, do you read me?"
Sonic: "Got ya loud and clear!"
Mayor: "Two hedgehogs climbed up Demon's Peak and have not returned. 
There in turn though have been reported by witnesses to have kidnapped
Violet and Valley."
Sonic: "VIOLET AND VALLEY KIDNAPPED??!!  I GOT TO GET OVER THERE
DAMNIT!!"
Mayor: "I'll expect you over in one minute.  Mayor out!"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        It seems the two kidnappers had setup a torture room.  The room was
filled with torture devices such as The Rack and anything painful that
was made of metal.  Violet was locked into The Rack, meanwhile her
sister was put in a body twisting device.  The room also had a tv and
couch where the two kidnappers watched a wrestling match.  "Come'on
Belly Man, you can beat 'em!", one of them yelled.  Thank goodness
they were too busy to deal with Violet and Valley but the torture room
was hidden, Sonic wouldn't likely find it unless he interrogated one
of the kidnappers while one of them was wandering around.  Violet
whispered to her sister, "Do you think Sonic will find us here?" 
Valley was brave and said in a strong whisper, almost a brave whisper,
"He will find us.  We ARE his favorite cousins.  These kidnappers are
gonna get it when Sonic finds us."  Yet they seemed to lose
confidence....

        The mayor was frightened.  He had two men close down the mountain but
to who could climb the mountain, the rare gold shine attracted.  One
female fox seemed to have the drive to climb and the love of gold. 
She was a strong, independant fox packed with quite a bit of hiking
gear, just ready to get at that gold.  She snuck past the two men
closing down Demon's Peak and started her ascent.  The men, of course
noticed that a fox was climbing the mountain but they couldn't climb,
they didn't have the gear.  After quite some difficult climbing, she
finally found what she was looking for, but it wasn't gold.  It was a
black emerald.  "Why not get what I came for...", she reached for the
emerald but it once again spoke, "I am The Last Demon of The Black
Chaos Emerald.  You are my avatar...."

        Sonic was speeding towards Rosco Village at max speed.  "If Violet
and Valley are dead, the killers will get a piece of me!!", Sonic
thought.  Sonic just wanted to know what was going on though; his
thoughts strayed.  Sonic reached Rosco Village.  The village was full
to the brim of huts made of brown straw but the most obvious thing of
all was Demon's Peak, which shined a shade of rare gold.  The mayor
ran up to him upon his arrival to town.  "I hope you will excuse me
for not investigating the matters further.", the mayor appologized. 
Sonic tried to keep a smile on his face (the glad-to-see-the-mayor
look) but the mayor knew he was madder then a mental patient at the
kidnapping of Violet and Valley.  "I feel very sorry for you Sonic but
I know where the kidnappers may have them hostage, in the forest."

        The same female fox who climbed the mountain overheard the mayor's
conversation and headed to the forest to lay traps.  She wanted to get
Sonic very bad, for some reason...
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Sonic sped into the forest fast as he could.  He seemed to be easily
juicin' around the forest but suddenly, he felt gravity pulling him
down.  Sonic yelled out, "A TRAP!!".  Sonic revved up with a foward
roll, took a high jump up and sped out of the trap spinning very
quickly.  Sonic was out.  "Whoever made that trap didn't really know
me too well!", Sonic noted.  More traps layed in the forest and Sonic
avoided trap after trap, sometimes tripping them to see who had laid
them.  All of a sudden, while Sonic was looking for the trapper, a
rope caught onto his foot, hanging him upside down.  Sonic then saw
who had laid out the trapps. "So you are the legendary Sonic The
Hedgehog.  You'd be quite a prize with your head on my wall, but I've
been making deals with too many people.  Looks like you are coming
with me, heheheh...."

        The trapper took Sonic to a position in the forest marked on a map in
her pocket and pushed a rock over, revealing a secret passage.  Sonic
thought, "This may be where Violet and Valley are.  This crazed person
has taken me right to them.  All I need to do is bust out..."  The two
kidnappers were delighted that the female fox (the trapper) had
brought Sonic The Hedgehog and started to explain the torture machines
and what they did, just so that they'd know what was coming to them. 
One of the kidnappers started turning the crank on The Rack while the
other started the twisting machine.  Just before the female fox could
lock him into a torture machine, Sonic slipped out of the fox's hands
and started giving her the old one-two.  The female fox got knocked
out cold.  Sonic then went into a Sonic Spin to cut the ropes on the
rack and released the pressure of the body twister but the two
kidnappers were heading for them.  Sonic tried to fight them both but
was badly injured.  One of the kidnappers sliced his arms and legs
with a knife, causing blood spill and the other knocked Sonic out cold
with the handle of his knife.  It was up to Violet and Valley.  Violet
kicked the knives out of the kidnappers' hands and passed the extra
knife to Valley.  They both slashed the kidnappers and knocked them
out cold with the knive handles.  Both of them escaped.

        Sonic was recovering from the fight but he had not gained
conscienceness yet.  The two kidnappers were out cold.  "Heheheheh,
finally, I don't have to give Sonic to those two knuckle-heads!", the
trapper said as she dragged Sonic out of the torture room.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        In the forest, there was a cabin made out of wood, built like a
tavern almost.  The trapper dragged Sonic into the cabin.  Inside the
cabin there was head after head after head mounted on plaques in the
wall.  The trapper had all her utilities in the cabin including traps,
instruction manuals, kits and guns.  Sonic's head was next to go on
the wall.  Sonic finally gained conscienceness but was still a little
weak.  Sonic asked himself, "Where are Violet and Valley?  On second
thought, where am I??".  The trapper was still getting her taxidermist
kit and a very sharp axe, although she sharpened it again just to make
sure it was sharp enough.  Sonic was gaining strength every moment
although the trapper didn't know it.  Sonic got up, sped by her,
grabbed the axe, and chopped her head off.  From the opening in her
neck (from the absence of her head) a black mist appeared.  Sonic
couldn't fight that (whatever it was) so he ran out of the cabin to
warn the mayor.

        Violet and Valley had arrived at Rosco Village after escaping from
the two kidnappers.  They ran to the mayor saying that Sonic was
severely injured.  Just then, Sonic appeared from out of nowhere. 
"I'm alright Mr. Mayor but these cuts are painful, ouch, arghhhhhh!!"
The mayor was just glad he was alright.  Then Sonic revealed some
valuable info, "Remember that fox you were talking about who climbed
the mountain?  Well, she set major traps in the forest and then
dragged me by the rope of a trap I got caught in over to a secret
passage.  It was a torture room where Violet and Valley were being
kept.  I am glad Violet and Valley are alright.  Anywayz, after my
cousins escaped, I was knocked out cold and dragged to what looked
like a cabin.  I gathered up strength enough to run, grab the axe she
was about to chop my head off with and chopped hers instead.  Then
some black mist popped out of her neck.  It was scary and weird all at
the same time!".  Very valuable info it was indeed.  After telling the
mayor his story, Sonic got a lot of medical attention.

(After Sonic's recovery)        

        The mayor was frightened.  "Sonic, those three people must be
infected by demons.  It's the only way the black mist you were talking
about could have been coming out of the fox's neck.  We must get a
demon specialist immediately.  One specialist I know is pretty far, in
the Southern Continent.  You must find him!", the mayor told Sonic. 
Sonic said, "Then take care of my cousins for me 'cuz I'm off to see
the wizard!", and he ran off.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        As Sonic ran off, he thought, "Looks like I'm off to see the wizard".
 He ran through the Buffer Zone as most people called it, he ran
through the Great Forest, always heading to the south.  He finally
reached the Southern Continent and visited a nearby village.  He asked
all the villagers about a demon specialist and they all told him the
same thing, "He's a hermit, living underground."  Sonic jumped up and
went into a Spin Dash, straight down through the ground.  Luckily for
him, Sonic hit right on target.  An old fox was mixing up a brew, he
was startled by Sonic's appearence and asked him a few questions:

Specialist: "Are you the legendary Sonic The Hedgehog?"
Sonic: "That's me.  I need your help.  Demon's are on the loose in
Rosco Village, Northern Conitinent.  Can you help Rosco rid of them??"
Specialist: "What type of demons are they."
Sonic: "I dunno but Demon's Peak, a mountain near there, shines of a
rare gold..."
Specialist: "I got it.  These are Chaos Emerald demons.  I'll help. 
Those kind are dangerous...  They have special ways of attracting
people to their location.  Then they once again have a body.  Things
get uglier the more time the demon enjoys it's stay.  We must act NOW!"

        Sonic grabbed the specialist and ran off towards Rosco.  En route to
Rosco, Sonic met some "unexpected" visitors.  They appeared in front
of him in the form of matter forming mist.  It was the two kidnappers,
laughing like mad men.  They took the knives out of their pockets. 
"Now your ass is grass, Hedgehog!!  heheheheh..."  The two kidnappers
lunged at Sonic, missing very badly because of Sonic's speed.  Sonic
then took action knowing that if he just kept avoiding them, they'd
get him and the specialist sooner or later.  He kicked both knives out
of the kidnappers hands and used them to cut the kidnappers heads off.
 Black mist once again formed where their heads were.  The specialist
was surprised, "So I'm right!".  Sonic continued to Rosco Village,
with black mist following him.....

        Still continuing towards Rosco, the specialist gave Sonic some more
demon killer talk, "We must get the emerald and ban the demons to it. 
I still remember the banning spell."  Sonic knew that it was his job
to get the emerald to ban the demons.  Only one thing bothered him, he
wasn't exactly your friendly neigborhood mountain climber and Demon's
Peak was and still is very difficult to climb, the hardest to climb in
the Northern Continent.

        Still en route to Rosco somewhere in The Great Forest, the 3 groups
of black mist that were chasing Sonic caught up to him (Sonic couldn't
go to sonic speed with an old person in his hands).  The 3 groups of
mist formed what looked like demons and one tried to grab the
specialist.  Sonic jumped up, legs in front towards the demon.  Sonic
fell straight through and ended up just delaying the inevitable.  The
demon made a hand out of it's black mist and grabbed the specialist by
the neck.  Sonic thought to himself, "If those demons get the
specialist, Rosco is doomed.  I must do something.  Let's see, I could
use a branch and separate the mist rapidly with it like a hand through
smoke.  The demon should then drop the scientist.  After that, I have
to grab him and go to sonic speed, no matter what the risk!"  So Sonic
grabbed a branch and started to rapidly cutting through the demons
with it like a hand through smoke, the demon then dematerialised his
hand, dropping the specialist.  Sonic grabbed the specialist and shot
off at sonic speed.  Fortunately for Sonic and the specialist, they
reached Rosco hours ahead of the three demons and the specialist
didn't get that queasy feeling.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Upon their arrival to Rosco, Sonic and the specialist warned the
mayor about the demons and told him that the specialist has only a few
hours to setup a circle of banning.  Sonic was sent to get the emerald
from Demon's Peak so he juiced off towards Demon's Peak and the mayor
helped the specialist setup the circle.

        Sonic raced towards the mountain and stopped at the police line that
was used to close off the mountain.  Two men guarded it carefully. 
Sonic looked up at the mountain and saw that it had alot of caves and
was extremly difficult to climb in the sense that there were alot of
hazards built into the crazy mountain.  Sonic revved up his legs, and
speeded up the mountain.  About two seconds of running, Sonic started
rolling up the mountain, crushing everything in his path 'til he found
the source of the gold shine of the emerald.  Sonic walked into the
cave where the emerald was hidden.  The black mist demons once again
appeared, trying to stop Sonic from taking the emerald, knowing what
he'd do with it.  One tried to make Sonic it's avatar, another trying
to blind him.  Sonic grabbed the emerald, stuck his tongue out and
juiced out of the cave, not remembering the he was on top of a
mountain.  He started to fall.....

        When Sonic realized he was falling he curled up into a ball and
started rolling so that when he hit the curvature of the mountain, it
would speed him up, the banning had to start now!  The demons were
chasing Sonic coming out of the mountain and Sonic was speeding
towards the circle of banning setup in the center of the village to
warn the mayor and the specialist of the demon's arrival at Rosco. 
"Mr. Mayor, you and the specialist have to finish NOW!  The demons
arrived and tried to get me when I went up for the emerald on Demon's
Peak.  We must finish NOW!"  So Sonic helped the mayor and the
specialist setup the banning spell.

        Just seconds before the circle was finished, the same three demons
arrived and once again tried to take the specialist.  The specialist
started the spell, "By the powers of the Goddess of Mobius, I ban
these three demon's present in this circle to this emerald in the
center, so it is said, it is done!"  Then the specialist started
humming, concentrating his power and Sonic tried to keep the demons in
the circle.  The demon's knew what the specialist was doing and tried
to get out of the circle but Sonic speeded around the circle at sonic
speed and stopping in front of each demon trying to escape.  The
demons thought they were surrounded, and they were.  The specialist
was still channeling his energy.  Suddenly, the demons started
dematerializing and were being sucked into the emerald and the demons
disappered, hopefully never to be seen again.....
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The mayor was delighted at what he saw and yelled out in joy, "It
worked!!!  The spell worked!!!  We're saved!!".  The mayor then
awarded the specialist and Sonic sped the specialist back to his home.
 While Sonic was there, he fixed almost everything he broke when he
dropped in to see the specialist and congratulated him on a job well
done.  "On behalf of my cousins and the citizens taken by the demon,
I'd like to thank you for a job well done!".  Sonic then waved goodbye
and speeded back to Rosco.

        After Sonic arrived at Rosco, he was given a golden medal by the
mayor and left for Knothole with Violet and Valley.  At Knothole,
Sonic told Violet and Valley about the ancient game of Monopoly he
found and the medal he got for helping rid Rosco of the demons.  The
mayor of Rosco had four men very carefully hide the emerald
underground to prevent it from being seen again.  Back at Knothole,
everyone went to Sonic's hut to get the Monopoly game and enjoyed what
they could call an "ancient classic" and of course, they all lived
happily ever after, until the next disaster....

                                                THE END
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you have any comments about this story, e-mail me at
doombot@colosseum.com or page me via ICQ at this address----->
http://wwp.mirabilis.com/1211136

This story was brought to you in part by SPEEDSTAR THE HEDGEHOG. 
Also, GENEZIX ECHIDNOT helped a little with the editing so I guess
this story wouldn't be the same without him.  Thanx GEN!

GENEZIX ECHIDNOT: genezix@hotmail.com   
DOOMbot: doombot@colosseum.com  