The Coming of the Holy One, by Trevor(Bumper)Lake

Sonic the Hedgehog, Miles "Tails" Prowler,  Sally Acorn, and all associated characters are property of Sega.   Trevor Lake and Kang-Tai are property of me, Trevor Lake.  You may reproduce 1 copy of this document per computer.  This may not be altered without my expressed written consent.  This may not be used to make money.  You must ask me before you use material out of this fic or give me credit for the material which is mine.  There, so much for the legal bull.....

Author's Note:  There is also another character in here named Kang-Tai.  He's a guy from one of my 'experimental' fics.  He's a raccoon ninja, who gave Rotor his father's ring and joined the Freedom Fighters.

In a meeting of the Freedom Fighters and the Secret Service, planning their next moves
against Robotnik. Pretty soon, a gate guard came into the room. "Princess Sally, an
overlander just came and asked permission to enter the city. There seems to be something wrong with him. Should we let him in?"

"Hmm...let's go to the gate and see him." The princess said. And with that, they all went to the gate to check out this guy.

 When they got there, they saw a guy there, in a suit of tech armor and a sword that
 looked like a cross between a Lightsaber and a broad sword. He looked pretty banged
up, too. After getting over the shock of seeing this, the princess spoke up. "So, who
are you?"

"I.....think my name's Trevor, but I'm not sure. I think I've lost some of my memory.
Can I have some help please?"

Before anyone could voice objection, Sally agreed and let him in and he followed them to the War Room.

"Now, what are you talking about?" The princess asked.

"OK, I don't remember some things about me, like where I'm from or anything about
 my past. Hold on...." He removed an ID from his pocket and tossed it to Sally. "This is
 an ID I found, which is the only way I remember my name." 

"This isn't from anywhere I know. Do you know where you're from, Trevor?" Sally
asked.

"No, I really don't. I remember the following. I'm a paladin, and I guess I'm really good
at it. I also retain all my general knowledge. I can cast magic, I can find talent in people.  I took out somewhere around 20 of these moving metallic things that attacked me before I got here."

 "Well, that explains why you look so beat up. We may have to take you to the hospital.
Actually, we probably should've gone there instead of here." Rotor said.

"20 in one battle? That's terrific for one person." Geoffrey mentioned.

"This sounds bogus. Why's this guy wandering into our place for?" Sonic suggested.

"He's not lying. I know a lying face, and that's not one." Kang-Tai said, who had been able
to successfully pick out many con artists and swindlers with his intuition.

"Do you know how you're going to get your memory back, Trevor?" Sonic then asked,
as a sort of test.

"Trust me, Sonic was it? Anyway, I'm telling the truth here." Trevor said with certainty and Sonic actually seemed satisfied by this.

 "So, Trevor, how do you plan on getting your memory back?" The princess asked.

"I really don't know....."

"So, you have no plan of how you're going to get your memory back?" Princess Sally
asked.

"I've tried everything I could think of. I even tried to hit myself in the head, just to see if it would work. I couldn't think of anything else, and then I showed up here. That's all I
remember for that part of it. I can still remember to do all the stuff I guess I did before."  Trevor explained.

"Then how about giving us a brief rundown of that, mate?" Geoffrey asked.

"OK, let's see.... I'm an expert swordsman, can cast attack and healing magic, can do a
healing skill called Laying Hands about three times a day. I can do some other stuff too, but that's the main stuff you really need to know right now..... what's wrong? You all look kind of stunned."

 Sally was the first to regain her composure after the description by Trevor. "Sorry, it's just that we don't have many people with those skills around here. In fact, I think you're the only one I've seen that can cast magic."

 "Hmm.... can you tell me where I am?" Trevor asked curiously.

"Y'all in Knothole Kingdom, on the Planet Mobius." Bunnie said. 

"Can I see my ID?" Trevor asked. Sally gave it back to him. "Hmm... says I'm from
'Blistering Heights'. Where's that?"

Everybody just looked around at each other in confusion and they all shook their heads.  "Sorry, man. No place like that on Mobius." Sonic said apologetically.

"Aw, don't worry about that. Anyway, can I stay in this place, Knothole Kingdom?" 

 "Hmm.... guess it wouldn't hurt for you to stay in Knothole, would it, guys?" Sally
asked.

"I suppose not, as long as he does his share in the war, I have no real objections. It's
obvious he's not a spy or anything." Geoffrey commented.

"Yeah, I guess, though an Overlander might disrupt the village, even if he doesn't mean to." Sonic mentioned.

"Yeah, I say let him stay, as long as he helps out." Rotor said.

Everybody else showed the same types of opinions. "Well, Trevor, you can stay, but
there's certain things all citizens must do to help in the war...." Sally said before she was interrupted by Trevor.

"War? What war?"

"What?! You don't know?" Sonic asked incredulously.

"Nope. What are you guys talking about?"

Everybody then got ready to tell Trevor the story of their lives, basically. After they told Trevor about it, in about an hour.....

"....well, that's the story? Did you get all of that?" Sally asked.

"Yeah. So you're facing an iron army, huh? Well, with my skills, I'm fairy certain I can
help in your war. I'll definitely pull my share. I just gotta find a way to get my memory
back...."

"Well, we've got good doctors here that can help you. We'll get some appointments for you with them soon." Sally said. "Now, we've gotta get you into a division of the
Freedom Fighters. You must choose a primary area and a secondary area, in case
there's ever an emergency somewhere." She then told Trevor the line-up of classes to choose from.

"OK, I guess I'll go with the Army as primary. Hospital as my second choice."

"OK, that's good. Well, everybody, dismissed."

The following day, Trevor got started in the Army. A few days from that, he went to see Doctor Quack about his memory loss. Regular appointments followed, with no success.

 He did extremely well in the Army. His records would've been perfect if it weren't for
 one thing. He had a tendency to not go 'by the book'. He would break formation with
 his comrades. Actually, the battles got done faster this way, but his superiors got mad
 anyway, of course. They decided to send him to the Secret Service, figuring he'd do a
 little better in a less crowded environment. And he did. He took orders a lot better and
 performed remarkably well. In under a month, he was in line for a promotion into the
Core Freedom Fighter Group, Sally's company.

One day before his promotion application by his superiors was to be considered, he heard about a mission two of the Freedom Fighters undertook, Sonic and Rotor(whom
he made particularly good friends with, by the way.) were supposed to blow up some
crucial plant for Robotnik's plans somewhere. However, after they left, the Secret
Service found out that there was some 'security' in the plant, so Trevor went off without permission to save his two best friends in Knothole.

Trevor advanced through the forest, looking at all the trees around him. "So this is what were protecting, huh? I'm not sure if all those men in there losing their souls is worth protecting these trees...." Trevor said aloud before he was interrupted.

 "That's what I hate about you Overlander types. You're ignorant." Then a figure came
out of the trees. It was Kang-Tai. "I saw you leave the village unscheduled, so I thought I'd follow you. Now what are you doing here?!"

 "You should talk. You didn't even try to get the up-to-date info at that plant before you
 sent Sonic and Rotor there, did you?! Now the Secret Service has found info on that
 plant that means trouble for those two. There's some security measures at that plant.
 You guys might have sent them to their deaths. I'm going to save them, whether I'm
 under orders to or not. So don't even think about trying to stop me, or I'll be forced to
 cut you down right where you stand, Kang-Tai."

 "There will be no need for that. However, I am your superior officer. I can order you
 back to Knothole...."

 "But you won't. You're just as worried about them now as I. I can tell by the look in
 your eyes."

 "Grrr.... you're right. OK, I'll come with you, but you gotta follow my orders, OK?"

 "Sigh... just don't piss me off with orders and that'll be fine. As long as we save them."

 "Right. Let's go." Trevor nods upon this order from Kang-Tai and they go together.

 After about 4 hours of walking, they come upon a clearing outside the Great Forest.
 "Let's rest up here." Kang-Tai said.

 "OK." Trevor replied and they sat down. Soon, Trevor took out an Ocarina and started
 to play it. It sounded like the main exploration music in the Playstation game, Wild
ARMS. (You may now consider this Trevor's theme music, if you know it.) 

At first, Kang-Tai was going to tell Trevor to put the thing away because it would alert
patrols, but he liked it, so he just kept quiet and listened for a while. Patrols were light in this region, anyway. Anything that showed up, the two of them could take on. "Hey,
how long have you played that?"

"I don't know. It's was something I knew how to play when I lost in my memory. I had
this in my possessions when I showed up." After this and a little more rest, the two of them left. 

The two of them took out a few patrols on the way to open holes for others that may be traveling the region for the time being. Pretty soon, the two of them are at the plant.
They go in, hoping to find their two friends in there....

The two of them opened the doors and are surprised to find that there are no guards.
"They must be all on patrol inside the plant." Kang-Tai suggested. They went in and closed
the doors behind them.

 Seven minutes into the plant and a few path choices later, Trevor spotted something. "A
 grate, look. Too big for me, but you can get in and move around in there just fine."
 Trevor said.

 "Yeah, it's gotta lead to somewhere else. OK, I'll go in, but you stay out of trouble too
  if you can, understand?"

 "Yeah, yeah. Go on, and don't worry about me."

 "I'm counting on you, Trevor. Don't screw this up." Then Kang-Tai headed on into the
 grate.

 Kang-Tai crawled around in the grate and found nothing of importance until he found
 another grate and he heard two Shadowbots talking. They're talking about Sonic and
 Rotor and that they found them and they're somewhere in the base and they gotta find
 them before they caused damage. Kang-Tai figured he better move on and try to find
 Rotor and Sonic himself.

We leave Kang-Tai for a moment and go to Trevor.

 Trevor had proceeded forward in the plant. He managed to avoid some close calls with
 some patrols. He knew he could damn well take them, but stealth may be the better
 idea right now. He stabbed bots from behind whenever he could and hid them where
 the others couldn't see them. Just to thin the patrols later.....

 Later, he came across some panels. Trevor decided to take a closer look at them.
 However, as he was looking at the panel, he didn't hear a panel open up behind him
 and a huge sentinel bot popped out of there and said, "Surrender and prepare for
 robotization." Trevor whizzed around and drew his sword.

  "Yeah right. Give me a break." The bot fired a triple laser but Trevor just deflected them
  with his blade and then he rushed in and made a couple of attacks with his blade before
  he was blocked. "I gotta beat this thing quick or support will show up for him and I'll be
 discovered." Trevor then used a stun maneuver, which worked, which gave him time for
 something these things had never seen before: a spell.

 He started the spell by gathering the available mana around him. As he began to feel the energy gathering all around him, he began some moves called somatic(sp?) gestures,
 and then, he chanted the spell. "Hear me now..... bring god's justice..... Lightning 3!"
 Right after he said it, huge lightning bolts appeared from his hands and fried the enemy
 with the lightning. He checked the bot and accessed it's database and found out that
 there were several more of these stashed in the plant. This was the extra security the
 Service mentioned. "Wait, there's more...." There was also a model guarding the area
 where the generator was that was about twice as strong as the one Trevor fought.

 "So that's it. I don't think Sonic will have too much trouble dealing with those. I just
 hope Rotor doesn't get hurt. He hasn't exhibited too many fighting abilities to my
 knowledge.... anyway, back to Mr.Panel over there." He checked the panel and found
 it to be a sensor panel. "Well, now that they already know that I'm here......" Trevor
 punched the thing out of commission. "Gotta be extra careful now."

After walking along and punching out a few panels, Kang-Tai came out of a grate.
"Well, what did you find?" Trevor asked. "I found a few panels that were sensors
 and..." He explained about the sentinels.

 "Well, they know where Sonic and Rotor are, so we gotta find them quick."

 "Right." So they took off and tried to find them.

 Soon, they found them.... in the company of 6 Shadowbots and a sentinel. Without
 hesitation, Trevor and Kang-Tai charged onto the scene.

Trevor and Kang-Tai charged around the corner and sliced up every bot in the area except for the Sentinel.   Sonic and Rotor were just as surprised as the bot that stood there, just before it started advancing towards the heroes.  "What the hell are you two doing here?"  Sonic asked.  

"Just get ready for battle!  The enemy advances!"  Trevor yelled.  "It must be the top sentinel!"  A "boss fight" began.

How boss fights are conducted by the author:  Not much different from a normal battle sequence.  The only major difference is that before the first attack is performed and after five minutes of fighting passes, the hit points of all allied characters and sometimes enemy characters involved will be shown to express their relative condition.  Their equipped weapon, if they have one, will also be shown. Each character will have a maximum HP.  If the HP falls to zero, the character is severely injured to the point where further fighting may result in the character's death, they may not be able to fight at all, or they may fall unconscious in the field, depending on their stamina and will power.  It will also be made known if a character makes a special attack, casts a spell, or uses a special maneuver(not direct attack).

Trevor: 290/360  Weapon:  Obsidian Sword of Light
Kang-Tai: 200/200  Weapon:  Ion Katana
Sonic: 120/120  Weapon:  None
Rotor: 200/200  Weapon:  Pulse Gun/Megacannon

All four began to swarm the enemy, except Rotor, who waited for a decent opportunity to fire his weapon.  The three close combat users tried to open up the enemy with a variety of different attacks, but couldn't seem to breach through it's defenses.  After two minutes, they started falling back and tried to observe the enemy to try to find some sort of weak point.  Then Sonic had an idea.  He explained as the party tried to dodge the laser fire directed at them.  "Trevor, you know how to throw lightning bolts, right?" 

"Yeah, to a certain extent."

"I'm gonna create a tornado directed at that thing, and I'd like you to toss some of those into the tornado, and when it hits that thing, it should be finished, because the lightning will fry that thing's circuits."

Rotor spoke up.  "Uh.... nice plan, Sonic, but how will that thing let us have the few seconds you need to do that, not to mention the extra time for Trevor's spell casting?"

"He's got a point.  How do we give ourselves that much time?  He's not gonna just stand there and let us throw stuff at him without putting us under fire."  Kang-Tai admitted.

"Leave that to me."  Trevor said with confidence.  He then ran up right next to the thing.  Trevor used "Stun Blade".  Didn't seem to have any effect...... He ran back to the party.
"DAMN!  Didn't work.  Thought for sure that it would...."  Rotor then turned the Pulse Gun into the Megacannon.

"Stand back, guys!  I'm gonna fire this thing."  Sonic quickly got behind Rotor, while the other two just shrugged and went back there casually.  Then Rotor fired the gun, making a giant energy beam, causing the enemy heavy damage and stun status.  Trevor and Kang-Tai
were blinking their eyes after seeing that.

"Amazing, now I can guess why he said to stand back for him to fire that thing.  S^&t, that's powerful...."  Kang-Tai said.  Then Sonic and Trevor went to work.  Trevor and Sonic used combine attack "Sparking Tornado".  As expected, it pretty much finished the thing off.  However, as the heroes let their guard down, a power ring fell out of a pack Sonic was wearing.  Trevor went to retrieve it, but as he touched it, some of it's power seemed to go into him.  It was over as quick as it began, and as soon as Trevor recovered, he gave the ring back to Sonic.  But then.....

"That was what I needed all along...." Trevor said, smiling.  

"What?  What are you talking about?"  Sonic asked as he took back the Power Ring, power intact.

"My memories.  That power ring gave them back."  Trevor reported.  The other's jaws dropped, almost literally.

"Are you serious?"  The others all asked at once.

"Yeah, but I should wait to tell you..... what the...... Rotor, look out!"

The Sentinel had fired one last salvo of shots before shutting down permanently, aimed at Rotor, but Trevor dove in front of the blast and took the hit, quite possibly saving Rotor's life.  After taking the hit, however, Trevor let out a blood-curdling scream.  He managed to find the strength to look down on the ground.  There, he saw his severed hand, the last of the blood within coming out.  He was falling in and out of consciousness as the others tried to stop the bleeding with clean cloths and medical supplies.  After they did all they could, Trevor was back in full consciousness.  He then looked up at Rotor.  Seeing that he was OK brought Trevor great relief.  "G-g-good.  You're O-o-ok.  Then it was all w-worth it."  Trevor said with great physical pain in his voice.  

"Trevor....... I don't believe this.... you sacrificed your hand.... to save me.....  Thank you... Come on, we gotta get you out of here...."  Rotor said with much gratitude in his voice as he moved to help Trevor get back to his feet.

"No, I can still g-go on.  Oh, gods, grant me aid in my time of need!  Cure wounds!"  The spell glow dissipated quickly as it focused on Trevor's hand.  "Ugh....."

"Trevor, are you OK?" Kang-Tai and Sonic asked as Trevor returned to his feet.  "No, wait, dumb question...."

"I'm in pain, yes, but I can still move on with you guys to see the end of this job through.  Let's go, before enemy reinforcements arrive!"  Trevor advised, and the party moved towards the detonation site.

When they arrived at the detonation site, they noticed something weird.  "Hmm... the detonation point is supposed to be below here, but I don't see a way down, do you guys?"  Rotor asked.  Then, Trevor noticed something when he walked over a panel.

"Hmm... hey, guys.  This panel, and others around it, they sound different.  Not hallow, but different."  Trevor observed. "I suggest pulling them out, but not before I scan for traps.  Thankfully, I can still do a lot of spells with one hand, and this one doesn't take much energy.  Oh, gods above, grant me the danger eye.  TrapScan!"  Trevor then directed his hand towards the floor.  After a few seconds...."None detected.  We can rip it out without fear."  Rotor and Kang-Tai took out the panels in question together, to find underneath.....

"Water!?  Clean water?  I hate water!  I'm not going in there!"  Sonic exclaimed.

"Hmm.... you won't have to go in there anyway, Sonic.  Looks too deep for you to be any good down there."  Trevor surmised.  "I think Rotor may be the only one among us to do this part of the job.  Besides, he was the one supposed to set the things up in the first place."

"Hmmm.... agreed." Was all Kang-Tai said.

"Sigh.... yeah, I guess you guys are right, but that seems deep, even for me."  Rotor said with slight concern. "Especially since I have to set charges down there. There are 4 of them. They're waterproof, thankfully.  I'm gonna equip something that should give me a little more leeway down there."  With those words, Rotor reached into his tool belt and pulled out a scuba mask and a 3 minute breathing device.  He equipped these pieces of equipment, armed himself with a weapon, and got set to dive into the water.

"Rotor......" Sonic said.  Rotor turned and looked at the others.  As soon as he saw them, he knew what they were thinking, because they were all wearing uncontrollable smiles, even Kang-Tai under his black mask.  He smiled as well, and indulged in some humor...

"OK, guys, what do you think of this look of mine?  Should I keep the green scuba mask, or should I go with something else?"

Everyone else took a close look at it.  "Hmm.... I'm not a fashion expert, but I think red would look nicer on you."  Trevor said, smiling.

"No way.  Black is the new wave."  Kang-Tai replied.

"Forget black, blue's the best."  Sonic replied.  All four looked at each other and laughed for a couple of seconds.  "You know, we should ask the others this after, especially the girls, and see what they think."  Sonic suggested.

"Yeah, let's do that."  Trevor said.

"That sounds like a fun idea.  Anyway, gotta go."  Rotor said and he dived into the water.

While down there, Rotor didn't have any real trouble.  His breathing air ran out a couple of seconds after the second charge, of course, but he held on for the last two charges and surfaced safely somewhat easily, with an estimated 2 and a half minutes left on his breathhold.  He surfaced and gave the thumbs up, signaling mission accomplished.  He then got out of the water and took his equipment off.  They quickly resealed the panels.

"Great, Rotor.  Now all of you get close to me....."  They got within arms length of him. "Here, there and everywhere, grant access to me.  Teleport!"  They all teleported out of there and end up at the edge of the forest.  They stayed to watch the place blow up, and about 5 minutes later, it did, to the cheers of all four of them.

Back in Knothole, the entire Secret Service and the rest of the Knothole Freedom Fighters were waiting for them, including Nate Morgan and Amy Rose.  After a brief report, Geoffrey spoke to Trevor.  "Trevor, you left the confines of the Secret Service without permission."

"I'm ready to take the required punish....."

"Let me finish.  Normally, this would go on your permanent record.  However, this action also aided greatly in a successful mission and you saved a Freedom Fighter's life.  Due to this, your leaving without permission will not go on your record.  And I also would like to tell you that your promotion has gone through.  You're no longer a part of the Secret Service.  You're now a core Freedom Fighter, alongside the people you just fought alongside.  Congrats, Trevor.  You earned it."  Geoffrey smiled and shook Trevor's hand to the cheers of the assembled.

Later, at a celebration where all the Secret Service and the Freedom Fighters attended, Trevor told the short version of his story, now that he's gotten his memory back.  "Well, I'm from a planet named Terra, so that's the first big thing.  A demon named Sheltem killed off my family in a town called Blistering Heights, so for a spot of revenge, I trained as a paladin.  I fought for about 4 years, I'm 23 now, by the way, and I finally got to Sheltem.  But during the fight, he shot me through a portal and I think I ended up on this planet.  You know the rest.  Now for my hand, I plan to go on a quest that will give it back to me, and yes, I've confirmed through Auras that I can do it on this planet.  However, I will stay through your upcoming Christmas.  I don't want to miss that."  The others smiled.  

Then Sonic said, "Hey, you guys.  Did you forget what we were going to ask these people after the mission?"  The other 3 grinned again, while the rest of the people stood confused.  Rotor went into a corner and quietly but quickly put on the scuba mask.  The other three filled the crowd in on what they briefly discussed at the pool at the plant.  And then Rotor turned around, wearing the mask.  "Now we wanted to ask you.... what color do you guys think would be best?"  The room looked at each other and started laughing, and then they started making suggestions while getting a closer look at Rotor.  

"I think yellow would be nice."  Bunnie suggested.

"No way, too light.  I say black."  Sally said.

"That's what I said!"  Kang-Tai was quick to point out.  And the discussion rolled on and on, with much merriment and laughter.


THE END


Well, what did you people think?  Send comments to reta.lake@ns.sympatico.ca

By the way, I've always tried thought some of the Sonic characters would look cute in those scuba masks and snorkels, like Tails or Rotor.  Too bad I can't draw worth crap.  Maybe something for you drawers out there to do sometime if you're bored.  If you ever decide to do this (yeah, right) scan it and send it to my e-mail address above.  :)