Julie-Su's Dilemma
by Sniper

This is the first fanfic I've written that's good enough to go on the
web. The characters in this story were created by Archie and Sega and
belong to them, expect for the four main villains in this story. They
belong to me.  You should read Knuckles comics #1 to 12 to fully
understand this story. If anyone wants to copy it and post it in their
web page, be my guest, and if you find any spelling mistakes or bad
grammar, feel free to alter it.  Enjoy the story! 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

        Echidnaopolis. Dawn. The city had an uneasy air about it that 
morning, as it had for the past few weeks. And who could blame the 
people of the city? In the past two weeks, their city had been torn 
from their zone, onto a collision course with their blood enemies, 
the Dingoes, ending up with the two races forced to live with each other. 
Then, an even more dangerous threat emerged. The Dark Legion. The Echidnas'
cybernetic cousins, who threatened to finish a civil war that started over seven
hundred years ago.

        Constable Remington of the EST paced back and forth in the
reception area of police headquarters. Even at this early hour,
electronic buzzers went off, while twelve female Echidnas answered
calls in their cubicles. The Constable stopped and looked at his
watch. "Where are they?" he muttered to himself, and continued his
pacing. 

        "Yo, bro, you trying speed walking, or just trying to make a rut
in da floor?"

        Remington looked up to see the Chaotix standing in the
doorway. All of them except Vector had tired looks on their faces.

        "You're late," the Constable said sourly, crossing his arms.
 
        "Ya, man, well I'd have been here on time, if I hadn't had ta drag
their butts out of bed," Vector boasted, looking at the rest of his teammates. 

        Mighty the Armadillo was too tired to respond to Vector's joke.  
"Constable, why'd you call us out here so early? I mean, the sun's not up yet."

        "I'm not at liberty to discuss anything with you until the Guardian comes here,"
Remington said flatly.  
        
        "Why am I not surprised?" Vector asked, rolling his eyes in his head. Echidna 
secrecy was really starting to annoy him.

        "Remington is going to throw a fit when we get there," Knuckles
grumbled, walking hurriedly in the direction of Echidna Headquarters. 

        "Well if you had set your alarm earlier, we wouldn't have this problem.
Or did you expect your mom to wake you up in time?" Julie-Su muttered
back. She instantly regretted bringing his mother into the conversation.
She knew they were having a strained relationship, but she was tired,
and Knuckles had been snippy to her ever since they had left his
apartment.  
        
        "Alright, I'm sorry I slept in, okay?"

        Julie-Su relaxed at that. She wasn't in the mood for another fight.
     
        Knuckles started walking faster to headquarters. The sooner he got
there, the sooner he could bury himself in some work, and not worry about
Julie-Su.  It wasn't that he didn't like her, quite the opposite, but he
felt more self-conscious around her than he ever had in his entire life.

        <Speaking of self-conscious..,> Knuckles thought to himself as he 
saw two older Echidnas walking towards them. A married couple, Knuckles assumed.
The two shot an accusing glance at Julie-Su, then a disappointed look at
Knuckles. Julie-Su turned her eyes to the sidewalk, avoiding eye
contact with the elder couple. 

        "I can't believe he would be seen with that...that GIRL," the wife whispered
to the husband. Knuckles' face turned into a scowl at hearing this. The old Echidna
had obviously forgotten that Guardians have well above average hearing. Knuckles was
now lost in deep thought. His father had always told him of how advanced
and peaceful the people of Echidnaopolis were, and he had grown up
believing that, but now he started to feel that that too was a lie. 
Knuckles fell deeper into these thoughts, walking, but not looking where
he was going. He and Julie-Su rounded a corner. She stopped suddenly,
bringing Knuckles out of his thoughts. He looked at what Julie-Su was looking
at.  

        A young Dingo boy, perhaps thirteen, and only a private,
judging from his uniform (Dingoes go military schools for all of their
education). He was sitting with a girl Echidna, about the same age, on
the cement curb of the sidewalk. She had her three back dreadlocks tied
up into a ponytail. The two were obviously in the stages of puppy
love. Knuckles looked at Julie-Su's face. A meek smile was on her
mouth. Knuckles smiled back. Perhaps there was hope for, not just for
Echidnas, but for everyone.

        "What could be keeping Knuckles so long?" Remington's complaining
was starting to turn into whining. He was used to everything going according
to schedule. People who weren't organized were unlawful in his eyes. 

        "Don't worry, Constable, Knuckles will be here soon," Charmy chirped, in
his usual good-natured way.

        "That's beside the point! They were supposed to be here half an hour
ago!" Remington snapped, causing Charmy to fly behind Mighty's leg to
hide. 

        "Well you can stop worrying; we're here now."

        Remington spun around, coming face to face with Knuckles and Julie-Su.

        "Uh, Guardian, I would appreciate it if you would be more punctual from now on."
        
        "We'll try from now on," Knuckles smirked. It was always amusing watching
Remington back down to his position of Guardian.  

        "So what's so important that you had to mess with our internal clocks to get here?"
Julie-Su asked coldly. She was still angry at Remington for arresting her before.
 
        "Something concerning your 'former' friends, but we can't speak here."
 
        The group was brought to a massive iron door with two guards
standing outside of it.  The guards ran a metal detector over each
member of the group. Julie-Su's cybernetic attachments set off enough
alarms to make it sound like the world was coming to an end. After the
guards were sure there weren't any weapons on her, she was let in. Vector,
on the other hand, was asked leave his walkman outside, and despite his
protests, he agreed. The rest made it in without any hassle. 

        "Sorry for the inconvenience, Guardian, but we have to make sure that we aren't
overheard," Remington started out. 

        "So why all secrecy, Constable?" Knuckles asked.  

        "Recently, an old Dingo military storage house that survived the collision 
of the zones was raided," the Constable started out. He pressed a few buttons on the
table, a screen lit up behind him, and a rough black and white image showed up. "The
Dingoes sent us this security tape of the raid." The screen showed the bleak warehouse.
Thousands of crates were piled in a massive one-roomed building. Suddenly, in the ceiling,
a small source of light appeared, and smoked billowed through. The spark moved around,
cutting out a circle. The circle was lifted up, and metal cables were dropped 
down the hole slowly, one by one. Four hooded figures slid down the cable. 

        "The Legion!" Knuckles blurted out. 

        "Correct, Guardian," Remington replied, and returned his attention to the screen. 
It soon became clear these were no ordinary members of the Dark Legion. Most were brutal 
creatures who relied on their numbers and weapons to help them win fights. But these
had style. They went about their work silently, while one stood watch. The rest opened the
crates, took out the contents, tied them to the cable, then lifted them through the hole in
the ceiling. The group then started to reseal the crates, leaving everything exactly as it
was when they found it. When the Legionnaire on watch was satisfied that they left no trace
of their existence, he motioned to his fellow members.

        "Alright then, my little cyborgs, let us depart." The voice came out
crackly through the speaker, but an arrogant self-sure tone could be
heard in the voice. Julie-Su's interest immediately picked up, and her eyes
widened in shock.
 
        "Caliban?" she whispered. Her voice seemed a mix of joy and fear.  

        "You say something, Julie?" Knuckles asked, looking away
from the screen. 

        "N-no, just coughed, that's all." Her lie stuck out like
a sore thumb and she knew it, but she couldn't bear to tell Knuckles the
truth here, in front of Vector and Remington. She couldn't bear another
fight about something like THIS.

       The video ended, with the Legionnaires sealing up the hole in the
ceiling. Remington hit some more buttons and the room lit up suddenly,
stinging everyone's eyes. "From what you've seen, I'm sure you can tell
were not dealing with rank amateurs. The fact that they bothered to
cover their tracks so well, when they must have known that the missing
cargo would be discovered in only a matter of days, shows that whatever
they are planning is big, and will be finished soon. They want to make
sure no one gets in their way."
 
        "So, like, what did they steal, dude?" Vector asked. 

        "The Dingoes said that the machinery they stole had the raw components
to make cybernetics, weaponry, as well as some other interesting creations."
      
        The group left Headquarters. Mighty said that they should check
out the desert for tracks that could show them were the DL had set up
their new camp. Julie-Su said that she and Knuckles would stay behind
and try to figure out what the Dark Legion would most likely use their
stolen property to build.  Once separated from the Chaotix,  Julie-Su
hustled Knuckles into an abandoned alley.  

        "Hey Julie-Su, what's wrong? Are we being followed?"

        "Knuckles, please, you have to promise me you won't tell anyone what I'm 
about to tell you."

        Knuckles was going to protest. Then seeing how serious Julie-Su looked, he 
complied. 

        "I know who those members of the Dark Legion were on that tape."  

        "Well, I guessed you would have. They must be the Dark Legion's A-team." 

        "What!? They're supposed to be is dead!" Julie-Su yelled, then realizing her 
loss of control, calmed down.  

        "Back when I was still a kid with the Dark Legion, I used to belong to a group
that used to hang out together. They were all older then me, and were probably the best
fighters anyone had ever seen. There was Cy-leen, she was the craziest of them, always
making up poetry and whispering to herself, and Marand-al, the 'tough chick' of the crowd."
Knuckles was going to make a comment about the possibility of there being a 'tough chick' 
tougher then Julie-Su, but wisely, he remained silent. "Granok was the weapons expert. He 
took to any weapon like a duck to water. He had cybernetically attached a blaster to his 
arms and dreadlocks. Then, there was Caliban. I recognized his voice on the tape. He was 
the toughest, most dedicated member the Dark Legion ever had. He was fast, could think his 
way out of any situation, and beat out the odds anytime.  When he was still young, and 
Kragok was training to become our leader, Kragok would have mock battles to prove he was 
the best fighter. None of the other members would even try to beat him, but Caliban, he 
just marched into that ring and wiped the floor with him." Knuckles began to see were this
story was heading, proud Kragok being beaten by one of his soldiers, he would never stand 
for it!

        Julie-Su continued. "Soon after, Kragok's father died, and Kragok became
our leader. Kragok hated Caliban, but couldn't touch him because he so popular amongst the 
other Legionnaires. Then one day Caliban made a fatal mistake. He got overly excited when 
he was with his gang, and cried out, 'Great Dimitri was an idiot!'. This was Kragok's 
window to get rid of him. He had him accused of Blasphemy. As punishment he was to be drawn
and quartered." 
        
        "Drawn and quartered?" Knuckles asked. He was familiar with the form of punishment. 

        "He.. he had his legs and arms torn off, then his organs removed," Julie-Su said,
shakily fighting back sobs. "I...we all had to watch it...Kragok made a big ceremony of it.
After it was over, he had Caliban's body given to his old gang, and exiled them all to the
forest that was in the zone the Dark Legion had been sent to years ago."

        Knuckles was shocked. He always knew Kragok was evil, but this defied belief.
"Julie-Su, if.. if you were part of the gang, why weren't you exiled?"

        Julie-Su took a deep gulp, trying not to cry. She collected herself. "Kr-Kragok 
had offered us all a chance to repent and deny Caliban, all the others refused. I ..I had
to do it in front of him..."

        Knuckles felt queasy. What should he do now? Try to comfort her?  Tell her it 
wasn't her fault?  Get angry at Kragok for her? He took too long answering.

        Julie-Su began to say the hardest part of her story. "Knuckles, there's one more
thing your should know. Caliban, he's....my brother."

       Out in the middle of the desert, there was a camp, holding thousands of well-armed 
cyborg Echidnas. In the center, there was a tent five times the size of all the others, 
with ten times the amount of security. Two member of the Dark Legion were inside. They did 
not wear the usual black robes. Instead, they had white jackets. Both were working around 
the clock to save their patient.  

        "I'm sorry, but there is no way to save the eye."
        
        "Look, if you take out both eyes, the pressure on his skull will kill him," the 
other said. They were hovering over their comatose patient, the great Dimitri. Their
bickering was cut short by someone entering the tent, a dark figure who carried himself
with more pride than the entire Dark Legion combined. The figure took off his hood in 
respect for the patient, underneath which the face of an extremely handsome Echidna was 
revealed. He had a mass of hair on his head that was slicked back and the same color as 
the rest of his fur, and he wore a smile that could charm the birds off the trees. There 
was a gleam in his right eye that showed he was full of life and evil. His left eye was
cybernetic. The 'pupil' could open and close, and the eyebrow above the eye was also 
cybernetic. It blemished his otherwise perfect face. Beyond that, there was his left 
dreadlock. It was robotic, with an egg-shaped metal bead on the end. The rest of his 
dreadlocks had been spared.  

        "Caliban!" both doctors chimed. 

        "Hello, docs! How's our patient?"

        "Not so good, sir. The sudden removal of his chaos power is causing his body to 
decompose. Only by keeping him heavy sedated and chilled can we keep him alive!"
 
        This wasn't what Caliban wanted to hear, but he maintained his friendly
exterior. "Aw, c'mon doctor, are you telling me that the same technology that brought me 
from death's door can't help slow down our God's aging rate?"  
        
        "If we only had more resources, sir, we might, but where could we-" His question was 
cut short by a small procession of Dark Legion soldiers bringing in crate loads of 
machinery and robotics. 

        "Will this assist your efforts, doctor?" Caliban asked. 

        "By great Dimitri! There's enough here for us to keep him alive forever!" 

        "Good. See that he is in the most primed physical condition possible. I want him 
looking good for his announcement in making me the new leader of the Dark Legion."

        Back in Echidnaopolis, Knuckles and Julie-Su emerged from the alleyway. In 
uncomfortable silence, neither were really looking where they were going. The sun was 
hidden behind a mass of dark clouds moving in. 

        Knuckles suddenly bumped into someone. "Hey watch it, you...VECTOR? Charmy, Espio, 
Mighty? What are your guys doing here? I thought you were looking for some trails to
follow!"  
        
        "We were-" Mighty started out, "-until we found out someone had forgotten 
the water!" Mighty looked to Vector accusingly.  

        "Hey, chill out! The crocodile can't be expected ta remember everything!" Vector
replied.  

        "Well, we didn't think you would forget the water, considering we almost died of
thirst the last time we were there!" Espio said, speaking up for the first time that day.
"And now thanks to you and that raincloud moving in, any chance of finding those tracks are 
going to be washed away!"  


        "Hey, Knuckles, what did you and Julie-Su find out about the machinery that was
stolen?" Charmy asked, hoping to break up the fight between Vector and Espio.

        "Uh, we haven't gotten to that yet," Knuckles said sheepishly. 

        "Then what were you doing coming out of those alleyways? I mean were you two...Oh!
I get it!" Vector said smugly. It took a second for Knuckles to catch Vector's
drift. When he did, it took all his will power to stop himself from
giving him a well deserved punch in the jaw.  

        "It wasn't that, Vector, I just...we were just, uh.. we got lost, that's all,"
Knuckles said finally.

        "Real smooth, Knuckles," Julie-Su whispered to him. Her confidence
had returned to her.  

        "Uh, well then, if the tracks are gone, we should all go to the research center
and see if we can't find out what the Dark Legion is up to," suggested Charmy, feeling 
really embarrassed for opening up the can of worms he just did.

        The group moved to the research center, a massive building made out
of pillars and glass, where Echidna students could look for information
for their research papers, or look up their family trees. When Julie-Su
walked in she, gasped. It was a huge! Stairs ran up alongside the
farthest wall, giant windows flooded it with light, and there were balconies
built on the inside, allowing access to the books that lined the inside
of the center. 

        "Knuckles, where is the computer?" Julie-Su asked, looking around. 

        Knuckles was kind of taken aback by this. "Uh, Julie? Computers
are a form of technology, which happens to be illegal here," he replied.

        "You mean we have to actually read through all of these books just see
what the Dark Legion could build with those parts they stole?" she asked,
disgusted.  
        
        "Not all of them, just the technical issues."

        "Why would a society that renounces technology need TECHNICAL issues, Knuckles?"
Julie-Su asked.  

        "Well, you never know when you're gonna need it in a big emergency," Knuckles 
replied. 

        "Hey, Knuckles, why don't we just get some of Remington's brainiacs to look this up?"
Vector asked. 

        "I suggested that, but he said that-" 

        "I know, I know. It's top secret, right?" Vector asked.  

        "You got it."
        
        "I can see this is going to be a lonnnnnng night," murmured Mighty.

        When dawn came, there was a beautiful rainbow over the desert, left by last night's 
rainstorm. Caliban had woken up early that morning; most members of the Dark Legion were 
still asleep at this time. 'Aw, gawd, I love this desert. Everything is hot and flat and 
gritty,' he thought to himself sarcastically, as he headed to the medical tent which housed
Dimitri. He had told the doctors to work all night if they had to, but he wanted Dimitri 
finished by this morning.  

        As he drew nearer to the tent he saw five footsoldiers, all still in their teens, 
sitting around shooting their mouths off. Their conversation came to an abrupt halt as soon 
as they saw Caliban. They all stood up at attention. "Good morning, General!" the tallest of
the youths said.

        Caliban stopped in his tracks, almost as if he had been insulted. He then spun 
around, looking the youth straight in the eye. The young soldier didn't move, but his
breathing changed, showing he was scared. What had he done wrong?

        "Soldier, why are you standing like that?" Caliban blared out, using his
best southern accent. 
        
        "Sir?" The youth peeped, not knowing what to do. 

        "Why, you're standing up so damn straight, it look someone shoved a metal
rod up your butt, and didn't stop until it hit the roof of your mouth!
You're going be spending time in the barracks for this, boy!"

        "Sir?" the youth squeaked, obviously terrified of the general's strange behavior.

        Caliban's expression became less serious. "I just yanking your chain, kid!"
he said in his normal voice, and lightly hit him on the shoulder. "You
guys just tell all your friends you don't have to stand at attention
every time I walk by. It makes me self conscious, y'know?" At this, all of
the other youths breathed in a sigh of relief. This guy was definitely
nothing like Kragok. After some mindless banter, Caliban excused himself
and headed toward the Medical tent.  

        When Caliban lifted the flap to the med tent, he saw the doctors had
outdone themselves. There on the table laid Dimitri. His old withered
body was now a power house. Massive cybernetic limbs were attached to
him, and exposed organs were replaced with far superior built-in life
support systems. Caliban didn't say a word to the doctors, both who
stood exhausted from their night's labor. Caliban circled the table and
placed his hand on Dimitri's now massive robotic shoulder. 

        "My compliments, doctors, you've made him nothing short of perfection,"
Caliban whispered. He then looked away from Dimitri, and seemed to come
out of his trance. "This procedure shall help us in the future. I'll see
to it that your names go down in history for this when Dimitri makes me
the new leader." The shorter of the two doctors stepped forward. 

        "That's twice you've said that Dimitri will make you leader. How can you
be certain that he simply won't free Kragok and reinstate him?" 

        "I...saw it in a vision," Caliban said with a smile on his face, and a
wild look in his eyes that gave both doctors a growing sense of dread. 
Caliban tried changing the subject. "Tell me, doctors, have you met my
staff?" Before the doctors could reply, three members of the Dark Legion
stepped forward, out of the shadows. 

        "How did you get in here?" the taller doctor demanded. 

        "Oh, that's not important, doctor. Allow me to introduce you to my friend.
There's Granok, my best friend and weapons expert."

        The Echidna in question stepped forward, and removed his hood.
Underneath, his fur was a dark red, so dark it was just a shade above
black. His right eye was synthetic, blood red, without any pupil. All
except one of his dreadlocks were robotic. On top of his head was a mass
of coal black hair, that spilled down onto his muzzle. 

        "Next, we have the lovely Cy-leen." 

        With that, a second robed figure walked forward, and removed her
hood. Underneath was a painfully cute female Echidna. Her fur was such a
light pink that it was almost white. She had long, thin spiky hair, and it
was obvious she cut it in this fashion on purpose. None of her visible
face was robotic. What was different on her face was her eyes. Although
real, they looked blank, as if she were mesmerized. The smile on her
face ruled out that theory immediately. It was almost as if she had no
depth to her personality at all. 

        "Caliban, sweetheart, are these the doctors?" she asked in a wispy voice
that sounded full of white rose pedals and milk. 

        "Yes, Cy-leen, they are," Caliban responded, like a parent talking to a four-year
old. 

        "And now, last but now least, my beloved Marand-al."

        The last remaining member stepped forward, and removed her hood. Beneath it was a
strong and beautiful creature. She was a dark shade of purple. Her eyes were a deep emerald, 
and reflected light like a crystal. Her hair was highlighted with tips of pink, her
nose was petite and perfect, and above her right eye was a thin eyebrow that
was made her look cruel and attractive all at once. Her other eyebrow was robotic,
with small lights that were obviously mini eyepieces that gave her a wider range of vision,
without removing her real eyes. Only the left-most dreadlock that draped over her shoulder
was cybernetic. It was made of finger-like joints. The last joint looked
like a scorpion's stinger.  She walked over to Dimitri, laying on the
table. 

        "Mmm. So this is the great Dimitri? He looks just like I always
envisioned him." Her voice was smooth and intelligent, and she gave off the
impression of someone who could outsmart anyone. 

        "And soon, my beautiful grape flavored goddess, he'll act just as we 
want him to act."

        The doctors backed up slowly, not quite sure what was going on. 

        "Can he hear us yet, Mr. Doctors?" Cy-leen asked, not making eye contact
with them, but staring at a strand of hair she was pulling on. 

        "Uh, n-no, he's still asleep. We'll need to increase the speed of his respirator
before he can wake up," the shorter doctor stuttered. 
 
        "Well, that's nice to know," Caliban hissed. He then reached into his robe and
pulled out something that made the doctors gasp in horror. 

        "A brain drill? Where did you get that?"

        "You'd be surprised what old 'antiques' can be bought around this camp," Caliban
gloated, looking over his new toy. The object in question resemble a half inch wide drill. 
On the top, there were four spider-like legs, and above that, there was a small mass of
circuitry.

        "W-what are you going to do?" the shorter doctor asked.  

        "I'm making my vision come true," Caliban replied. He then moved to Dimitri,
grabbing him by his back-most dreadlocks, lifted his head up, exposing the back
of his neck. The taller doctor, realizing what was about to happen, moved
for his blaster, but before his hand could touch the butt of the gun,
Cy-leen whipped out her blaster and shot both doctors dead. 

        "Poor doctor won't get to see Dimitri wake up," she said, sounding generally sorry
for what she just did.  

        "Thank you, Cy-leen, my dear. Their constant questioning was becoming 
bothersome," Caliban muttered, as he started to work the brain drill into the back 
of Dimitri's head. A spark shot out, hitting Caliban's robotic hands.

        "OW! Okay, I think that should do it. Granok, be a good sport and wake him 
up, will you?" 

	        The dark Echidna moved forward to comply.
     
        <I'm alive>. That was Dimitri's first thought as a mortal. 
<Something's wrong, nothing feels right, why do I feel so heavy?> What
Dimitri was experiencing was getting used to his new body. It was ten
times larger then the last one, and made of metal. This hadn't
registered with him yet. <What's happened to me? I must look, why can't
I open my eyes?> Upon hearing the thought command, Dimitri's mechanical
body complied, and his electronic eyes opened, showing him a world of color
perspective, infrared, and heat vision all a once. "What is this?" he
asked aloud, suddenly terrified of his electronic voice. "What have you
done to me? Tell me! Lord Enerjak demands it!" 

	"No, my dear 'Lord Enerjak', you are now Dimitri, and you will do
as I command."

        "Insolent pup! I destroy you for this!" With that, Dimitri stood up.
His new height made him unsure about his footing, but once he found out what good
balance it had, his confidence returned. "What is this?"  

        "It's your new body, it saved your life! You're welcome!"
        
        "You're responsible for THIS?" Dimitri shot out his mechanical claws at
Caliban with frightening speed, that could tear his head off. 

        "Robot. Freeze," Caliban said. Dimitri stopped. He was paralyzed, his outstretched
hand just half a foot from it's target. "Now then, 'Great' Dimitri, we're going to have to
lay down some ground rules."

        While one plot was unwinding, another was starting in Echidnapolis.  The Chaotix 
had spent the night at the research center. Now in the light morning, Knuckles, Charmy, 
Vector, Espio, Mighty, and Charmy sat in their chairs, their faces resting on the round 
table that was cluttered with books. They were all fast asleep. 

        "Guys, I've got it!" a chipper voice said, and with that, Julie-Su dropped a huge 
book on the desk, waking the groggy group. 

        "Huh? W-what, is it time for breakfast?" Knuckles asked.

        "You'll get your fruit loops later, Guardian. You're going to want to see this!"

        Knuckles managed to perk himself up. He prayed that he hadn't talked in his sleep, 
about that dream he had, involving him, Julie-Su, and a relatively isolated area with a 
waterfall.

        "Uh, what is it?"
        
        "This!" Julie-Su said seriously, pointing at a page in a magazine. It dated back
eleven years, when Robotnik first started his coup. It was the Roboticizer. 

        "I know what that is!" said Knuckles, shocked.
        
        "Right! Most of the parts they stole could be used for cybernetic implants, 
but I noticed that some were basically useless to them. All the parts that they stole 
add up to make this Mechanizer."
        
        "Oh boy. This is big. If the Dark Legions are thinking of starting a Robotropolis
here too, we have got a serious problem. We have to warn Remington!"

        "Right. We have to get moving fast. And Knuckles?"

        "Yes, Julie-Su."
        
        "I prefer candlelight and silk to rugged landscapes and waterfalls."

        When Julie-Su walked off, Knuckles was blushing so hard, his cheeks were
redder then his fur.

	 "Explain this to me again," Remington asked.  

        "Sir, we think the Dark Legion has gotten a hold of the Roboticizer plans and plan
on making one!" Charmy said, seeing that Knuckles' patience had run out. 

        "Look!" Knuckles burst out suddenly. "We have to stop planning and start acting!
We've seen what that device could do to a civilization, and there no way
in the name of the Ancient Walker am I going to let that happen to the
Floating Island!"  

        "I understand your feelings, Guardian, but we can't just jump into this! 
Imagine the panic if the public found out about this!"

	"They have a RIGHT to panic! Not knowing what was happening is
what caused the Mobians to be so easily defeated! We have to tell people,
otherwise they won't stand a chance if we fail!"  

        "But, Guardian, there are procedures to follow, and I have my orders!"

        "Your orders? Well, I'm giving you some new orders, pal! As Guardian of this Island,
I order you to get every Echidna, Dingo, and volunteer soldier out in that desert, and
start looking for the Dark Legion."
        
        "Sir, I can't! I...excuse me a moment."

        Remington went down to his walkie talkie, there was a brief
conversation, and then he hung up.  

        "Very well, Guardian, looks like we're going to play it your way!"

	  Back at the Dark Legion's camp, Caliban had called a massive assembly, where all 
members of the Dark Legion assembled. Caliban stood on a metal stage, with his three 
companions and a forth, this one wearing traditional robes, but was five times taller 
then the rest of the Legionnaires. He had four arms; two were massive, and the other two
lower ones were the size of a normal Echidna. The hood hid his face completely. 

        "Hello, everyone, I want to thank you all for being here tonight. Uh, this is my 
first time making a speech, so I hope you'll all bear with me." Caliban's opening speech 
went on without a hitch, his jokes rose great laughter from the crowd, and soon his speech 
became more serious as it neared its climax. "Great Dimitri has been returned to us. He is
here with us and will lead us into Victory! And may the Guardian have lived a good life!"
His last statement rose a great cheer. This was Dimitri's cue, and although he tried to 
fight it with all his will, he stepped forward to talk. 

        "MY CHILDREN," he shouted. His voice had been programmed to be loud
and commanding. "YOU HAVE ENDURED MUCH THROUGHOUT THE CENTURIES, AND I WANT YOU
TO KNOW HOW PROUD I AM OF YOUR LOYALTY. IN THE PAST, THE POSITION OF LEADER HAS
FALLEN UPON MY DESCENDANTS, BUT TODAY, A NEW LEADER IS TO BE CHOSEN, CALIBAN! OBEY HIM
AS YOU WOULD ME!"

        "Oh, my lord, I'm not worthy!" Caliban said with the slightest hint of mockery in
his voice, which none of the Dark Legion noticed.

	"YES, YOU ARE! CALIBAN, MAKE US PROUD!" The crowd burst into cheering. Caliban 
practically fed off of all this attention.
    
        After the celebration had ended, Caliban retired to his tent, where his friends 
were waiting. 

        "Hey, guy! Was that a great show or what?" With that he kissed Marand-al 
on the cheek, and moved to one of the two couches in the room. "I thought you were
going to tell them about the robotisizer," Marand-al said, obviously not as optimistic as
Caliban. 

        "Later, later! We have to make sure their faith in Dimitri and me is complete! 
We can't risk a mini rebellion!" Caliban said this while starting to remove his cloak,
then tried changing the subject. "God, it's hot in this thing. I'll have to change the 
dress code!"  Underneath his cloak, the damage of Kragok's 'ceremony' could be seen. In
the center of his chest was a small egg-shaped piece of machinery, with a small light
in it that blinked at the same pulse as a heart beat. Both arms were cybernetic from the 
shoulders down, his legs were normal to half way down the thighs, past the knee, and his 
feet were robotic. Caliban sat on the couch, and patted the area next to him, inviting 
Marand-al to sit next to him. Marand-al softened up to this gesture and sat down, then 
cuddled up to Caliban.  

        "Are you two going to just stand there? Take a seat."

        Granok and Cy-leen both sat down in the facing couch.

        "Caliban, what are you waiting for? We're all set to seize power of this
island!" Granok asked.
 
        "Not until the whole gang is here," he said simply.  

	  "If this is about Julie-Su, forget her! She sold us out at the trail, then she sold
out the Dark Legion to the Guardian." This was the most dangerous thing Granok could have 
said. Caliban jumped from his seat, his rage fueled, and grabbed Granok by the throat. 

        "Don't you EVER talk about her that way again! Do I make myself clear?"

        Granok struggled for breath. He couldn't speak, but he managed to nod his head
in agreement. Caliban dropped him, leaving him gasping for air on the ground. His attacker 
turned away, seeming sorry for what he had done.

        "I'm sorry, Granok, but you got out of line.  It wasn't her fault! You know how 
manipulative Kragok could be.  As for the Guardian, he captured her. There is no way she 
would side with him and his lot!"

        Knuckles was truly starting to hate the desert. The sun scorched the top of his 
head, the sand got into his shoes, he wondered how the Dark Legion survived out here.  He 
looked back behind him. His team of twenty Echidna police and fifteen Dingo soldiers looked 
equally miserable. He then looked to Julie-Su. She seemed like the only comfortable one. 
Knuckles wondered how all the other teams were making out. Each member of the Chaotix was 
leading a search party, as was Remington. Julie-Su had been teamed up with Knuckles, 
because Remington was worried about how his officers might react to having her as a leader.
   
	  Suddenly, Knuckles' walkie-talkie went off. 

        "Guardian, respond, please respond." 
        
        "Knuckles here. What's up Remington?"

        "We found the Dark Legion. It never would have happened if they hadn't been 
cheering so loudly!"

        "Have they spotted you yet?"

        "No, I don't believe so. I'll send you and the rest of teams the coordinates!"
   
        Within three hours the group had made it to site of the Dark Legion's camp. They 
all gathered atop of a sand dune, lying flat, scoping out the layout. 

        "Jeez, look at them all! How are we going to fight them?" asked a younger Dingo. 

        "We don't," Knuckles stated. "A direct confrontation would be suicide, and even if 
we beat them this time, we start an all out war."

        "What do you suggest then?" This time General Stryker was asking the question. 

        "Well send down Espio in spy mode, he'll get us some uniforms, and then we go down 
there and find out what's up," Knuckles said. He wanted to play this one safe. 

        Espio went down into the camp. Half an hour later, people were  starting to worry. 
"He's been gone too long! Do you think they could have  caught him?" an Echidna police 
asked. 

        "Oh, please!" a voice out of nowhere said. "The day I can't sneak by a few 
mercenaries hell-bent on world wide domination is the day I retire!" With that, Espio 
uncloaked, holding a mass of uniforms.  Knuckles had to ask most of the Dingoes to stay 
behind. Because of their great height, they could arouse suspicion. Only the younger 
privates could pass for Echidnas. Just before he left, Knuckles left his last orders. 

        "Remember, if we don't come back, don't try any rescue mission, just get back to
Echinaopolis and help prepare a defense." And with that they walked out of the desert and 
into the frying pan.
     
        Knuckles lead the group deep into the Dark Legion's camp site.  Here, there were so
many tents, the place was like a maze. Knuckles gathered around his troops and whispered so
as not to be heard. "Okay, everyone, break off in groups of four, learn everything you can,
then come back here in two hours. If a group is missing I'll go out and look for them. If 
I'm missing, you go back to Echidnaopolis." The group agreed and headed out. 

        Vector and Charmy were the first group to find something. "Yo, Charm, check out all
da guard on that tent! There's something important in there!" As the two moved toward the 
front entrance, two guards blocked their way. 

        "You the guys supposed to be working on that thing in there?"

        "Uh, yeah! Of course!"

        "Well, you better get in there fast! You're late and Caliban wants punctuality!" 
The two guards stepped aside and let in the two spies. 

        "Yo, man! You know what that is?" Vector asked Charmy. 

        "Who doesn't? It's the roboticizer!" Suddenly there were voices coming from the 
outside. 

        "What do you mean the doctors are already in there? WE'RE the doctors!"

        "Uh oh!" Vector and Charmy said in unison. The two doctors and two guards both 
walked in, there were muffled thuds, and then Vector and Charmy walked out. "We gotta find 
Knuckles and tell him about what's in dere!" 
     
        Meanwhile Julie-Su and Knuckles were at a different site. "Julie, what's in THERE?"
Knuckles asked, pointing to a massive tent, that was surrounded with guards. 

        "It looks like a storage tent, and judging from the guards, it must be storing the 
roboticizer!"

        "Then that's where we're going!"

        Knuckles and Julie-Su circled the tent. Once they found the area that had the least
number of guards, they managed to knock them out, and slip under the material into the 
tent. "Jeez, this place is HUGE!" Knuckles muttered. There were crates of supplies and 
mechanics, making the tent into a maze. 

        "We better split up if we want to find the Roboticizer," Julie-Su muttered. 
Knuckles agreed, and the two went their separate ways. Julie-Su was beginning to think she 
was going in a circle until she finally made it into a clearing of sorts in the jungle of
crates. "Wow, this tent seems bigger on the inside than it does on the outside."

        "I know, it's strange, isn't it?" a voice said above her. That voice! She knew it! 
Julie-Su looked up to see Caliban, standing on a twelve meter tall wall of crates. 

	   "C-Caliban?" Julie-Su stuttered. 

        "That's RIIIGHT!" Caliban announced musically. He then leaped from the crates, and 
landed on the sand ground, five feet away from Julie-Su. "Hey, sis, it's been a long time!"
With that, he gave her an affectionate hug. 

        "B-but how...how?"

        "How am I still alive?"  Caliban said, finishing her question. 

        "Uh-huh," Julie-Su whispered.  

        "Well, after Kragok had me gutted like a fish, and thrown into exile, I only had a 
sliver of life left in me. Fortunately, our friends sacrificed their own cybernetic parts 
to save my existence! They gave my a new heart and new legs. When the rest of Dark Legion 
managed to make it out of the prison zone, we were left behind. That was until two weeks 
ago, when another hole opened up in the zone, and we managed to escape. And now that 
Kragok's gone, and my popularity is back in full swing, I'm going to rule the Dark Legion!
And guess what? You're going to be my second in command! Pretty cool huh?"

        "Caliban, I can't... I .." Julie-Su started out. What could she say? Here was her 
only family left in the world, offering her power beyond belief. 

        "Hey, Julie-Su? Are you okay? I thought I heard...Oh boy!" Knuckles had ran into 
the clearing, only to see the cyborg Caliban and Julie-Su standing together.  

        "The Guardian," Caliban smiled. "Just the Echidna I wanted to see! Robot! Destroy 
him!"
 
        A dark mass came out of the shadow's behind Knuckles. The great Dimitri!

        "Caliban? NO!" Julie-Su screamed.
     
        "Knuckles still isn't back yet!" Vector muttered. The two hours were up. Knuckles' 
orders were clear. Leave now!  "Man, we can't just leave him here! We know where the Bot 
maker is!"  

        "What do you suggest we do?" Remington asked. Espio who had been silent suddenly 
had a thought and spoke up. 

	  "If Knuckles and Julie-Su are still alive, all they'll need is a distraction to get
away.  I think I know how to kill two birds with one stone! Charmy, what else was stored 
with the Bot-Maker?"

        "A whole lot of weapons and gasoline and stuff!"

        "Ok, guys, here's my plan.." Espio formed a huddle.

        "Caliban, stop! Don't do this!" Julie-Su begged as she watched Dimitri take another
swing at Knuckles that Knuckles just barely dodged.

        <This robot is tougher then anything Robotnik ever made,> Knuckles thought. He then
swung his fist to the mid section of the 'robot', who's mid section was well above 
Knuckles' head. There was a metal clang, and cry of pain from Knuckles. All he succeeded in
doing was spraining his wrist. "That...ALMOST hurt! So what's the deal with this bot, 
Caliban? Why's he wearing Dark Legion duds?"
 
         "Better I let him tell you," Caliban grinned. "Robot, I give you free speech 
control." With that, the robot stopped, he brought his larger arms up to his hood, and 
ripped off his cloak. Knuckles stood, petrified by what he saw. 

        "WHAT'S THE MATTER, KNUCKLES? DON'T RECOGNIZE YOUR OLD UNCLE?" Upon hearing that, 
Knuckles came to the chilling conclusion that the creature before him was Dimitri. Only his
withered head remained. Both his eyes were robotic, all his dreadlocks were mechanical, and
were now six feet long. His toothless mouth was now full of jagged metal blades. 

        "Dimitri?" Knuckles whispered. "What happened to you?"

        "YOU! YOU HAVE THE GALL TO ASK ME THAT? IT'S YOUR FAULT I'M LIKE THIS!" The massive
cyborg shot out his arm at frightening speed. This time Knuckles couldn't dodge it. The 
massive fist held him like an iron vise. "NOW, KNUCKLES,I'LL CRUSH YOU LIKE A BUG!"
 
        "No!" Julie-Su cried, struggling to get free of Caliban's grip on her arms.

        "Charmy, pass me that wrench," Espio asked, lying flat on his back, working on the 
timer of a mini time bomb. The bee passed him the tool, and started getting anxious. 

        "Are you sure this bomb is big enough to destroy the robotisizer?"
 
        "No," Espio started out, "But when it sets off all the gasoline and oil in here, 
we'll be lucky if it doesn't blow up the entire camp!" The chameleon finished tightening 
the plate back in place.

        "Okay, everyone, that's it. We have five minutes to get out of here! Move it!"

        "Robot, stop," Caliban said. Knuckles felt the motors in Dimitri's hand release the
pressure on his ribcage that was on the verge of collapsing.  

        "What's the deal, Dimitri? Since when did you start taking orders?" Knuckles asked,
hoping to start a fight between Dimitri and Caliban. 

        "You're wasting your breath, Guardian. He's under my control, and the Dark Legion 
is under his control, understand?"

        "Only too vividly! Do you seriously expect that no one will find out what you're 
doing?"  

        "Who? The Dark Legion? Question Dimitri's powers? You are a bigger fool than I
thought!"

        "So what's your master plan? I figured you want to tell me, or else you would have 
just killed me!"

        "Look, I'm the guy holding your life by a thread. I get to ask the questions, 
Guardian! And what I want to know is what you've done to my sister! She doesn't seem to be 
acting like her old self!"

        "Caliban, PLEASE! You don't have to do this, if it's about Kragok, I'm sorry 
I..I.." Julie-Su's plead was cut short by Caliban. 

        "Do you still think I'm angry about that? You were just following orders. No, what 
I'm angry about is how you could have feelings for this Guardian piece of trash. Robot, 
kill him. Maybe with him gone, my sister will come to her senses."

        Knuckles felt Dimitri's hand starting to crush his chest again. His bones reached 
their limits. Suddenly the air went hot, there was a sound like a stampede, then a massive 
ripple moved through the ground, knocking Dimitri off his feet causing him to drop 
Knuckles. "What was that?" Caliban screeched, his attention turned to the direction of the 
blast. Julie-Su saw her opportunity and took it. A high kick to his face caused Caliban to 
drop his gun. A second shockwave from the blast caused the mountains of unbalanced crates 
to topple over, burying Dimitri under tons and tons of machinery and supplies. Caliban felt
furious and betrayed. He swiped Julie-Su off her feet with a low kick, then went to the 
Guardian to vent his angers. 
        
        "Get up! Get up, you mitten handed, chest tattooed FREAK!" Caliban grabbed him by 
his dreadlocks, then with a twist of his arms, threw him across the room. Knuckles landed 
painfully on a pile of jagged guns. "I'm going to rip your head off!" Caliban hissed, as he
walked slowly towards Knuckles. Knuckles fought to get back to his feet. Just as Caliban 
took another swing at Knuckles, Knuckles dodged, catching Caliban in the gut. Caliban 
doubled over. Knuckles moved to hit him over the head. Caliban caught Knuckles chin in an 
uppercut. The two were evenly matched. 

        Soon they became a blur of kicks and punches, neither yielding to the other. 
Caliban realized that for the first time in his life, he stood the chance of losing a 
fight. Strategy was in order! Caliban let Knuckles get the upper hand, and started walking 
backwards. Once he crossed the pile of crates that had fallen on Dimitri, he screamed out, 
"Robot! Grasp him!" Dimitri's massive hand shot out of the crates, and grabbed Knuckles' 
legs, causing him to fall to his knees.  

        "Well Guardian, it looks like you've just been outclassed!" Caliban giggled. He 
then walked over to the subdued Echidna. He reached over with his right hand, and pressed a
button on his left arm. His left hand started to glow with purple energy. Caliban lifted 
his arm above his head, preparing to bring down his fiery weapon on the Guardian's skull. 
Then something small and pink moved in between them. 
        
	  "Julie-Su? Stay out of this!" Caliban roared. 

        "No, Caliban! You're going to have to kill me if you're going to kill him," 
Julie-Su said defiantly. For one second, Caliban pictured himself bringing down his arm, 
and having it tear through his sister and the Guardian with one fell swoop. Then, he looked
into her eyes. There was fear and bravery in there.  Caliban's hand stopped glowing, and he
dropped his arm down to his side. 

        "Robot, release," he muttered, and then walked to the far end of the tent and stood
there.  "Julie-Su, take your new 'boyfriend' and get out of here," he said, staring at the 
wall. 

        "Caliban?" Julie-Su asked.

        "Leave now, before I change my mind," was all he said, his face a world of rage. "I
don't know you anymore, and no one ever will! You'll learn that soon enough!" Julie-Su's 
heart sank at this. She knew that there would be no more talking. She helped support 
Knuckles, who's legs had almost been crushed, hobble away. 

        Caliban stood perfectly still for ten minutes before Marand-al came in. "What 
happened here?" she asked, surveying the damage.  

        "Lots of stuff. Tell the troops this was the terrorist act of the Guardian," 
Caliban said, still unmoving. 

        "Yes, Caliban," Marand-al said. 

        "And Marand-al?"
        
        "Yes?"

        "Tell Granok he was right about Julie-Su, and that he has permission to shoot her 
on sight."

        "Yes, sir," Marand-al whispered, wondering why she had just called him "sir".

        Back in Echidnaopolis, Remington thanked the Guardian and his friends for a job 
well done. All of the Chaotix suggested going out to celebrate their victory, but Knuckles 
and Julie-Su declined. The two walked towards Julie-Su's apartment, basically talking about
nothing. It was dark out by the time the made it to the place Julie-Su was staying. She 
opened the door and left it open. Knuckles took it as an invitation.  

        "Nice place," he said sarcastically, looking at the bare surroundings. 

        "I don't really have a lot of personal stuff," Julie-Su muttered. Silence. Knuckles
felt he had overstayed his welcome.

        "Well, I guess I better get.."

        "I know what Caliban meant by no one ever knowing me, Knuckles," Julie-Su said, her
voice full of desperation, asking him not to leave. "He meant that I don't belong anywhere,
not here, not there, nowhere," she said, her voice was starting to crack. 

        "That's not true. It'll just take time for everyone to get used to you, just some
more it.."

         "No it won't!" she yelled out. Then her voice became soft again. "When I was a 
little girl, he always looked out for me, always had time for me. He was my only family.  
I know I've lost that again."

        Knuckles didn't know what to say. Julie-Su broke down, and started crying bitterly,
her face buried in her hands. Knuckles wanted to leave, and forget he cared about anything.
He didn't know what to do in this situation.  What had his father told him? "Whenever you 
don't know what to do, trust your instincts." It was then that Knuckles knew what to do. He 
walked over to Julie-Su and held her. Julie-Su didn't push back or try to act tough, she 
just kept on sobbing. Knuckles felt her shoulder shaking through his gloves. They two 
stayed like that until time lost meaning, in the dark, in Echidnaopolis.

	   End.

	   Well that's it! I hoped you liked it, if you have any comments or
other story ideas, just mail them to <floral@primeline.net>