This doesn't really have a timeline or anything, so let's say it happens sometime after 
Knuckles #16, just so most of you can understand it. You should read Knuckles comics #10-15 
to understand some things. Also, I only wrote this due to all the rumors surrounding a 
Remington/Julie-Su "thing" goin' on in the comics. It's kinda short... but hey, I like it. 
Enjoy, people. If ya wanna post this, then g'wan ahead. All I ask is that you e-mail me at 
pepzeal_7@hotmail.com giving me your URL just for my own info. Oh yeah, give me credit too 
=^.^=. Now read on. 

Julie-Su didn't know what was happening to her. All she knew was that every cell in her body
felt as though it was on fire. Her lover, whom she was mounted upon, gripped her waist and 
pulled her closer as his moment of excitement came. Climaxing, two became one for all of a 
second before exhaustion set in. Too tired to support herself any longer, Julie-Su eased 
back onto the bed, settling her head on her lover's chest as she fell. Looking down at her, 
he brushed the hair out of her eyes and kissed her forehead. As soon as she was able to 
think straight again, however, Julie-Su burst into tears. 

"Is something wrong, love?" her lover questioned, looking at her with concern. 

"Yes, Remington... everything's wrong...," she sobbed. 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was hard to believe so much had happened in such a short time. It seemed like just 
yesterday when the Chaotix had set out on their new mission - to annihilate the Dark Legion 
at all costs. No one, however, could have possibly predicated the price they would have to 
pay... 

"A'right, people, let's move!!" Knuckles shouted, in his usual take-charge fashion. 

Julie-Su rolled her eyes. Honestly. She loved him more than she would let on, but his 
showing off had a tendency to rile her up. Vector noticed and chuckled. He still couldn't 
understand how Knuckles could have feelings for this- this WITCH- but as long as his friend 
was happy, then he was also. Wordlessly, the unusual group, which consisted of Espio the
Chameleon, Mighty the Armadillo, Vector the Crocodile, Julie-Su, Knuckles, as well as 
Remington and his EST crew, set out over the horizon. The Legion was still camping out in 
the desert. The terrain there was rugged, and their plan would work only with skill. Namely,
that's why they had called for Remington's assistance. He and his crew would be able to keep
the Legion busy while Knuckles and the Chaotix did their part setting the ultimate 
explosive, stolen from the Legion a few weeks back, right in the middle of the camp. There 
was enough force in that bomb to get rid of their enemies once and for all. Then, the island
could go back to its semi-peaceful self, or so Knuckles was hoping. As the Guardian of the 
Floating Island, he felt a deep responsibility to all its inhabitants, and he wanted no more
than to have peace reign. 

"Hey, yo how much longer we gotta trek, m'man?" Vector whined. 

"Cool it Vec. The camp's not that far away. We'll be there inna few minutes, max," Knux 
replied, his confidence in his plan showing in his speech. 

Julie-Su was having mixed feelings about the whole thing. On one hand, she liked Knux and 
his friends, and wanted desperately to fit in with the crowd. On the other hand, she still 
respected her former comrades of the Dark Legion and didn't want to see it end this way. Of 
course, Kragok would survive, being in jail at the moment, but the others- 

"A penny for your thoughts," Remington grinned. 

"Huh?" Julie-Su snapped out of her thoughts. "Sorry, it's just- well, this is really hard 
for me, y'know? It's like I'm killing a part of myself, a BIG part of myself." 

"It's understood." Remington set his hand on her shoulder. "I understand better than you 
might think." 

Knuckles glanced back and scowled. He didn't like the way Remington kept looking at HIS 
girl. After all, he and Julie-Su had been dating for quite some time, and he already knew 
she was the one he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. They were soulmates, they 
understood each other, they were able to talk openly, and most of all- 

"Yo yo, dere's da camp!" Vector whispered excitedly, snapping Knuckles out of his brooding 
spell. 

It was true. The Legion's camp was directly beneath them. Knuckles gazed down at it. At 
last.. at last this would all end. 

"Alright team!" he whispered, "We'll do this by the numbers... Remington, you and your team 
set up a distraction. That'll give me an' Julie-Su a chance to plant the explosive. The rest
of you wait here. If things are getting bad, head back to Echidnaopolis and evacuate the 
city. If there are any survivors in the Legion, they would strike for sure just to get their
revenge." 

Everyone nodded and scampered off to play their part. Knuckles and Julie-Su slipped on some 
Dark Legion robes that they had hastily made before the occasion. They were kind of sloppy, 
but as long as they were black they would do. Julie-Su started to follow Knuckles, but was 
stopped by a hand on her shoulder. She whirled around. 

"Are you sure you want to do this?" It was Remington, and he seemed genuinely concerned. 

"Y-yeah. I'll be okay." Julie-Su managed a meek smile and set off after Knuckles. 

Remington gazed after her. He couldn't possibly express how insanely jealous he was. 
Although he hadn't trusted her at first, and he had even jailed her, he couldn't deny his 
feelings. Feelings that only grew stronger with each passing day. He marched back over to 
his squad of EST men, and gave them the signal to move out. They would launch their attack 
from the front. It was risky, but it was the only way they would ever succeed in drawing the
Dark Legion away from Knuckles and Julie-Su. True to the plan, Remington and the EST squad 
just marched right out in front of the camp and opened fire with all the guns they had. 
True to their nature, the Dark Legion immediately charged into the fray, enraged at the 
impertinence of their uninvited visitors. As the battle raged on the homefront, two hooded 
figures slipped quietly into the center of the camp. Suddenly, Knuckles was struck with a 
better idea. 

"Hey, Julie.... Where do they keep the gasoline?" 

"H-huh?" She was obviously not following him. 

"Y'know... if we set this baby off where there's gasoline, the fire will carry... then we 
don't risk any survivors!" 

"W-well," she stammered. What she did next she would regret for a very long time. "I-in that
 tent, over there. 'Least it was last time I checked..." 

Knuckles lifted the flap of the appointed tent and peered inside. Though it was dark, he 
could make out the outline of gasoline barrels. He smiled. Now everything would go as 
planned and they wouldn't have to worry about the aftermath of a "terrorist" strike. He 
motioned for Julie-Su to follow him into the tent. She complied, and they knelt down in the
center to set the bomb accordingly. Knuckles backed off at this point. When it came to the 
bomb, only Julie-Su really knew what she was doing. When the bomb had been set, the two 
whirled around to leave. That was when the tragedy struck. In his haste, Knuckles had 
tripped a trap the Legion had set just for such an occasion. This particular trap was a 
nasty little droid that clamped onto Knuckles' legs and refused to let go. Knuckles swore 
and tried to get his leg free, but even the punches he threw failed to faze the mechanical 
nuisance. Julie-Su whirled around to help her friend. 

"Julie! Forget it! Get out now!" Knuckles yelled. There was no sense in the two of them 
going down.

"B-but.." she stammered, "I can't just leave you here!" 

"Go now!" Knuckles yelled, still struggling. 

Knuckles wasn't stupid. He knew that Julie-Su would stay there until he was free, or worse. 
He couldn't risk the one he loved, cherished most, dying like this. Remembering the Guardian
powers he had just acquired, he focused all his energy on getting Julie-Su to safety. Before
she knew what was happening, or even had time to utter a protest, she found herself by 
Remington in the middle of their battlefield. 

"Julie-Su? What's wrong?" Remington yelled amid the clamor. 

"Knuckles- the bomb- he's- he's-" she was panicky now. Why had he done such a thing? Why? 

"The bomb? DAMN! We have to retreat. NOW!" He barked orders into his walkie-talkie and his 
squad whirled around to take their leave. Remington gripped Julie-Su's arm as she struggled 
to get back into the camp. 

"Are you mad! You'll get killed? Do you want to DIE!?" he yelled, pulling her away from the 
camp. 

"But- but-" Julie-Su struggled to get away from his tight grip. 

"NO BUTS!" he pulled her away with an incredible force, no doubt caused by the adrenaline 
pumping through his veins. 

He managed to pull her back to the waiting place of the Chaotix. Julie-Su whirled around 
just in time to see the most horrifying sight of her life - the explosion and razing of the 
camp, as well as everyone and everything within.... That was when she did something she had 
never done before. She fainted.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

When Julie-Su awoke, she found herself lying in a strange bed in a strange room. Glancing 
around curiously, she struggled to focus her eyes.  

"Take it easy," a soothing voice whispered, as a familiar hand softly stroked her forehead. 

"W-where? R-Remington? Is that you?"  

She would have recognized the voice anywhere. She gazed up to see him sitting a chair by her
bedside, his eyes full of concern. 

"Yeah, it's me. You're in the spare room of my apartment. Are you feeling any better?" 

"A-a little, I guess." Suddenly, she remembered. "Remington, where's Knuckles?" 

Remington looked away, avoiding eye contact with her. Her heart sank. She knew what that 
look had to mean. Tears filled her eyes, and she looked away. Remington knew that he should
go and let her rest. 

"I'll be in the next room if you need me and, Julie-Su?" 

"Yeah?" she whispered, looking back at him again as the tears fell. 

"Never doubt that I'm here for you." With that, he kissed her on the cheek and left for his 
bedroom, blushing slightly. 

Julie-Su lay in bed for quite some time. When she managed to fall asleep, only minutes 
passed before the nightmares awakened her. SHe blamed herself for it, for everything. 
Knuckles wouldn't have set off the bomb in such a risky place if she had lied about knowing 
where the gasoline was kept. The "What ifs" and "If onlys" kept her tossing and turning. She
sat up in bed and thought. What had Remington said? That he was there for her, that he 
cared. She knew what she needed. She didn't want to be alone, and right now, even she 
couldn't deny the love she was feeling for this daring lawman. She got up and slowly walked 
into his bedroom, stopping when she reached the side of his bed. Remington woke up and 
blinked at her in confusion. 

"J-Julie-Su? What the-?" He was cut off as she locked her lips with his. Remington was 
trembling all over. Wasn't this what he had wanted for so long? He wasn't sure of what he 
was doing, but he yielded himself to the overwhelming emotions he now felt....

 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

That was last night. The dawn's early light was slowly filling the horizon with its splendid
color. Remington, who had been lying flat on his back with one arm around Julie-Su and one 
arm behind his head, awoke to find himself alone. He gazed around in confusion. Where could 
she have gone at this hour? He got up and got dressed, then walked around his apartment,
hoping to find that she was just sitting around. No such luck. He didn't know what was 
driving him, but suddenly he thought he knew where she was. He walked out of his apartment, 
and then drove his squad car out of Echidnaopolis. He headed for the cliff that they had 
stood on yesterday while they surveyed the Legion's camp. He saw her when he was still 
quite a distance away. Apparently, she hadn't heard him. He shut off his car and made his 
way slowly towards Julie-Su, not sure what reaction he might receive from her.

Julie-Su herself was an emotional basket case. She still couldn't believe what had happened 
yesterday. It wasn't that she hadn't enjoyed her night with Remington, it wasn't that she 
wasn't feeling something new for him, it was just- 

"Why me!!" she screamed to no one in particular. "Not only did you take a part of myself 
away, but I couldn't face Knuckles now even if he WAS alive!!"  

She fell to the ground sobbing as Remington winced, half glad that he wasn't the one she was
enraged at and half wondering if what they had done last night had driven her to this. 
Coming out from his hiding place, he walked towards her slowly. Reaching her, he knelt down 
and wrapped his arms around her. 

"Please don't cry. Don't do this to yourself. Can't you see? He saved you so you could have 
a life, a future, not so you'd feel like this. He loved you THAT much." 

"But, it hurts so much!" she whispered helplessly. 

"I- I love you, Julie-Su, and I'd like to help you, be a part of your future, if you'd let 
me." 

She gazed at Remington silently for a moment, then wrapped her arms around him. 

"I- I love you too." 

The two stayed like that, huddled together, enveloped in their own love and emotions, as the
sun finished rising. A new sun to shine its good light on a new future.

 

 

That's it! Hope ya liked it, cuz I sure loved writing it! Questions? Comments? Flames? 
E-mail me at pepzeal_7@hotmail.com 