Disclaimer: k'. So nobody gets mad, I'm gonna say that all of the characters are MINE! Except for
Princess Sally, Sonic, Bunnie, Antoine, Tails, and Rotor. They are all (c) Sega and/or Archie 
Comics. Mobius, Sandblast City, Knothole, and other related places are (c) Archie Comics. If I 
missed anything...Oh well. Enjoy part 1! I know it's shorter than the average fanfic, but it took 
a while to write. Parts 2, 3, and 4 will come soon. Please, will you post my fanfic before 
August 13th 1999? I would like for my friend, who is leaving for the winter to go home, to read 
it. Thanx and happy reading!

                               KIRA KITSUNE: PART 1 by KiraLe

 About ten years ago, in a small settlement on the outskirts of Sandblast City, there lived a 
family of foxes known to all of their friends as the Kitsunes. There was Lynda and Rylan, two 
archaeologists that worked on a dig site about 20 kilometers away from the settlement. And there 
were the twins, Kira and Alexander, who stayed at the settlement with their nanny, Amelia, while 
their parents worked. During the winter, the children were tutored by Amelia in the subjects of 
Science, Mobian History, English, Math, and Literature (where they often enjoyed reading a book 
or two by their favorite author, Kirby). During the summer months, they were allowed to visit 
their parents and watch them work once a week. Otherwise, they stayed in the house or visited 
with Arman, a kindly old hermit who taught them how to survive in the woods. They spent many 
happy years there. They never thought that, in the blink of an eye, their world would suddenly 
change.
 That fateful day came on September 21, the very next year. Kira and Alexander were in the living 
room studying, when a loud BOOM sounded in the distance.
 "What on Mobius was that?" Alexander asked, squeezing his pencil until it broke.
 "I dunno, stupid! You go find out for yourself!" Kira snapped, not looking up.
 "I don't wanna! You look! You're older!" Alexander argued.
 "Yeah, by three seconds!" she retorted. "Now shut up, wussy! I'm workin'!"
 Just then, Amelia ran into the room with Arman close behind her. "Quick, children!" Amelia said 
as she hurried them into their rooms, "Get your things! We must leave at once!"
 "What's the hurry?" Kira asked, she furrowed her brow and crossed her arms. Apparently, she was 
annoyed at being interrupted again.
 "Stealth bots are bombing Sandblast City. They will soon come here, so we must retreat to the 
caves in the forest," Arman explained as he helped them pack. He looked distressed. The children
had never seen his eyes so full of fear. The two obeyed at once: no more questions asked.
 "Hurry children!" Amelia screamed as a bomb dropped about a mile away. The blast knocked them 
off of their feet as they scrambled to the door. The four foxes ran towards the shelter of the 
forest as the stealth bots drew closer. They could hear their high pitched engines screaming and 
ran faster as they neared the forest.
 "Faster!" Amelia screamed.
 Alexander began to cry, "We won't make it!" His tears blinded him as he ran, so he stopped 
crying as soon as he had started and caught up with his sister.
 "What about mom and dad?!" Kira asked in distress. She looked back at the settlement. It was 
totally destroyed. Their home had burst into flames and the palm trees that they had loved to 
climb at a younger age were twisted and burning to the ground like small sticks did in the 
fireplace.
 "They should have retreated to the sheltering rocks by the dig site by now! They will be fine, 
kids!" Arman tried to reassure them, but his voice was shaky, which meant he was probably only 
humoring them.
 "Kira!" Alexander screamed as he stumbled over a tree root, "Help me!!" His foot had gotten 
caught beneath the root and he was unable to move.
 Kira stopped, ran back to her brother, and freed his leg.
 "You owe me BIG!" she said to him as they caught up with Arman and Amelia.
 They continued running until they reached the edge of the forest. Amelia hurried the children to 
the cave and shoved them in.
 "Oh my goodness, Arman!" she cried, "There's only enough room for two!"
 Arman's eyes widened. "Oh my!" His brow furrowed in determination. "We must find another cave for 
ourselves! There are plenty around here. Stay here, children! We will come back after the bombing 
is over!" Arman ordered, as he and Amelia ran out of sight. Kira and Alexander watched as they 
ran away. Then Kira looked into the sky above the cave. "Look!"
 Alexander screamed, "Arman! Amelia! A bomb! It's..." He was cut off by two high pitched screams 
and a large explosion.
 "They didn't make it," Kira whispered, terror in her voice. "We are alone."


 "I cannot spend the rest of my life in a cave with YOU!" Kira whined. She took off her glasses 
and began nervously polishing them on her shirt. She had never noticed how dirty they were until 
now. "Dust from running must've dirtied them," she said to herself as she admired the polished 
lenses.
 "How can you say that!?" Alexander asked. He put his head in his hand, as if in deep thought. 
"At least we're not alone! I read this book about a kid who was alone in the woods for, like, 
fifty days! At least we have supplies! He had nuthin' but a knife!....or was it a saw?...You 
know? I think it was a hatch.."
 "Shut up!" Kira cut him off. His rambling was annoying her. "We need to think about what Arman 
taught us. We need to survive." She stopped for a moment to think. "What did you pack, Alex?"
 "I prefer 'Alexander'," he said opening the small satchel tied to his belt, "and I packed my 
sketch pad, a change of clothes, a water bottle, my knife, the necklace I got from Mom and Dad, 
aaaannnnd my sleeping bag."
 "Oooooh! I was wondering what that bunch of cloth was on your back!" she said as she took off 
her backpack and dumped out its contents. "I packed a change of clothes, a sleeping bag, a small 
hatchet that Biggs, Mom's friend, gave me, aaannnd some food packets."
 "What kinda' food?"
 "Oatmeal and dried bannanas."
 "Eeeeeewwwww! Nothing good!" Alexander pretended to barf as she pulled out the food.
 "I can't help it if you don't like oatmeal and dried bannanas!"
 "Why didn't you pack me food?"
 "Why didn't you pack me water?"
 "'Cause I thought you would pack your own!" they said in unison.
 "We can't spend our whole lives fighting, Alex"
 "It's 'Alexander'" he corrected, "And yes, I know."
 "Oh, would you shut up about that!?"
 "Only if you say my name right!"
 "Fine, ALEXANDER!"
 "Thank you."
 "You're welcome," Kira grumbled, crossing her arms and looking out the cave entrance to see if 
the bombs had ceased. Nope.
 Alexander pulled out his scketch book and a pencil. "Now to the task at hand."
 "And that would be...."
 "Survival. Now let's consider our advantages and disadvantages: you and I are both far too young 
to fend for ourselfs, being only seven years of age, but we have the survival skills to live off 
of the land, thanks to Arman." He paused for a moment to choke back his tears. "I possess vast 
knowledge in subjects that require scientific equations and such. You, on the other hand, are 
average when it comes to numbers. You are very wise in the ways of the woods and possess the gift 
of strength. I, on the other hand, can barely lift you up, let alone a boulder or tree."
 "Yes, and I would thank you to remember that!" Kira said, a smile on her face.
 "Wait," Alexander said, "Do you hear that?"
 "What? I don't hear anything," she said as she stupidly poked her head out of the cave. 
"Waitaminnit! The bombs! They've stopped!"
 "Exactly!" Alex picked up his knife and satchel. "Now if you'll excuse me, I need to cut some 
wood for a fire tonight."
 "Oh boy (or girl)! I wanna catch dinner!"
 "Catch? But I'm a vegetarian!"
 "Alright veggie-boy, I'll pick ya some nice poison oak and stinging nettle to eat!"
 "Fine! I'll eat what ever it is that you bring home!"
 Kira seemed to go into a trance as tears rolled down her cheeks. "Home," she sniffed. "Mom and 
Dad. All gone."
 Alexander knelt beside her and gave her a hug. "We'll go there tommorow and look for them if you 
like, although we may not like what we see."

 That night, Kira returned to a beautifully decorated, warm, and homey cave. Alexander had lit a 
fire at the entrance to keep the animals out and he had used sticks, grass, pine cones, and 
whatever else he could find to decorate the cave.
 "Well! If it isn't Robin Hood herself! She appears to be returning with fresh food!"
 "Veeerrry funny," Kira said sarcastically.
 "I try. How do you like it and what's for dinner?"
 "It's lovely and we're having roast toad!"
 "Eeeeewwww!" Alexander made gagging noises.
 Kira pulled a small figure from behind her back. "Actually, I'm having roast duck with cranberry 
sause, and you're having the same."
 "Lovely."
 "Oh, yes, it is!" she said as she began to skin the duck. "It's a shame that you never ate meat. 
It's quite good!"
 Alexander sighed as Kira put the carcass on a stick and began to roast it over the fire. The 
smell of the duck filled the cave and, for the first time in his life, he began to drool over the 
thought of fresh meat. "When will it be ready?"
 "Ah!" Kira looked satisfied, "Now my widdle baby brother is aquiring a taste for meat, eh?"
 Alexander raised his arms in the air and narrowed his eyes at Kira, "Oh, would you SHUT UP!?"
 Kira looked at Alexander and took in every detail of his expression. She had never seen him so 
upset. "Hey! Hey!" she apologized, "I was only jokin'!"
 His expresion changed to a look of sadness. "I wish Mom and Dad were here." He wiped a tear from 
his eyes which were still red from crying earlier.
 "It's gonna be okay." This time, it was Kira who knelt beside her brother. "Like you said: We 
will go to the settlement tommorow and look for them."
 "Hopefully we will find them in one piece," Alexander thought to himself.
 Kira ripped a piece of the duck's flesh off, filled an acorn shell with the crude cranberry 
sauce that she had tried to make and handed it to him. "Enjoy."

 The next morning, Alexander awoke at the first ray of light. He nudged Kira. "Wake up, sis."
 "Huh?" Kira yawned, "What do YOU want? Go away or I'll tell!" Just then, Kira realized her error 
and sat up to face her brother. "Sorry. I forgot where I was."
 "No problem. Now let's get going! Who knows how long we have until those bots come back?" He 
picked up his satchel and headed out the door. Kira followed.

    "Wow!" Kira looked around at the desert before them. "Did we really run this far? I can't 
even see our settlement from here!"
    "When you are fighting for your life, it's amazing what you can do."
    Alexander began walking in the direction of the settlement, but Kira just stood there. "I 
can't go back," she said it as if she were in a trance.
    "Why not?"
    "I...I just have this...this feeling. I don't really know, I just have a feeling that you are 
to go alone."
    "You sure?"
    "Positive, Alexander, more than positive."
    Alexander was suprised that she had said his name right. "Alright. You stay here. If I don't 
come back by dark, then...then....don't come after me. I love you, sis."
    "I love you too, Alexander. Good luck." With that, Kira started back.
    She felt strangly calm as she returned to the cave, then, "A noise," she whispered. She 
whipped around just in time to see a flash of blue and grey zip around a bush. She crouched near 
the bush and looked underneath it. "A pair of shoes? Who...?" She never finished her sentence. A 
blue echidna pounced on her and pinned her to the ground.
    "Get out of my territory!" the echidna snarled. "You are tresspassing on my hunting ground, 
fox!"
    Kira wasn't gonna let an echidna get the best of her, so she grabbed her by the arms, slammed 
her onto the ground, and sat on her stomach. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" she yawned.
    "Okay. You win," said the echidna as she got up.
    "I know, but it doesn't matter. I'm just holding up the fort while my brother goes to the 
Dugger Settlement to see if he can find any survivors."
    "Really?" the echidna asked, "I'm from Sandblast City." She held out her hand to shake,
    "I was one of the few who escaped the bombing. My name is Mya-Le Echidna."
    "Nice to meet you Mya-Le. My name is Kira Kitsune."
    "Hey!" Mya-Le said as she poked her head into the cave. "This place is cool! It's so big! You 
could probably fit twenty people in here comfortably!"
    "Yeah," Kira sniffed. "We dug out The rest of the cave after *sniff* Arman and *sob* Amelia
....They didn't make it....They didn't see the rest of the cave...I...I..."
    "Hey, I know how you feel. My parents and siblings all moved away, leaving me in Sandblast 
alone. I haven't heard from or seen them since I was four. They moved to Mobotropolis and, with 
twenty kids to worry about, they must've forgotten about me. I've lived by myself for four years."
    "Wow! How sad! Come on in. I was just about to make lunch."

    Alexander had walked for four hours straight, when he finally reached the ruins of what used 
to be their home. It was now just a twisted wreck. He found his glove in the wreckage and used 
them to protect his hands as he dug through the rubble. He found metal pipes, half burnt chairs, 
a book, some of his scketches, a picture of his family, and the bones of his little dog. That did 
it. Muffin didn't deserve to be killed. He had meant to unleash him, but in the frenzy, it 
slipped his mind. His dog had burned to death and all because of him. "NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!" he 
screamed, "THOSE TERRORISTS WILL PAY, IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO!!!!"
    "Bark!"
    "Wha?" Alexander turned around. "MUFFIN!!! That must've been the bones of the 'coon that 
lives under the house!"
    "Bark!" Muffin yipped happily.
    Alexander stuffed his satchel with the treasures he'd found, picked up his little pug, and 
started back to the forest.
    "Wait'll Kira sees this!"