The Last Chaotix
by Holli the Genet
------------------
The light of day certainly made Robotropolis look different.  The armadillo 
with the beret cap and work clothes shouted for sometime.  He had been lucky 
today!  The story of Sonic escaping with the princess was big news, and man, 
had the paper sold well.  He had only one copy left to get rid of. 

"Sonic escapes with princess!  Read all about it!"

"I'll take it paper boy!"  

The armadillo quickly turned around to see Sonic, wanting to buy the paper 
with his story in it, with arrogance beaming from his face.

"Sonic!  I was wondering when I'd see you again!"  

"Well you know what I've been up to, so how 'bout you, Mighty?"  

"That was my last paper.  You can talk to me while we walk back to the 
Mobius Daily building.  Nothing much.  Ray has disappeared for quite awhile, 
so I've been pretty bored."

"Oh, I know where he is."

"Really?"  

"I'll tell you later.  Right now we have some catching up to do!  How about 
you come with me tonight to Wharf Side Dance Hall?"  

Mighty quickly walked through the double doors of the Mobius Daily, and 
retreated to his little corner of an office.  

"No can do, Sonic.  I'm  just a paper boy.  Once I actually get a story, and 
a higher position here, I can take time off.  I just never see much action 
around.  Even Miss Greenspear, my boss's secretary, sees more than I do.  
Anyways, I can't stay up late, not with this job."  

"No problem!  I'll just talk to your boss, Mr. Squirrelson!  He'll give you 
time off when I'm done talking to him!  Besides, the best stories happen at 
night!"  

"No, Sonic!  Wait!"  

In less than five minutes, Sonic was back out.  

"Mr. Squirrelson says he'll let you have the whole year off with pay if he 
can interview me!  You have the week off, so you can stay up as late as you 
want, party animal!"  

"Thanks, Sonic.  I guess."  

"All you need now is a date!"  

"Do you even know the last time I had a date?!"

"Before Robotnik took over?"  

"Ha, ha.  No, I just don't have anyone  in mind, that's all."  

"Who were you talking about earlier,...Miss..Miss...."

"Greenspear.  She doesn't look like the kind who goes out to Dance Halls 
late at night.  More like a school teacher!"  

Mighty was pretty well right.  Sonic looked into the office at a little 
genet with green eyes and tightly pulled back red hair in a bun.  She wore a 
business suit dress, and was busy sorting through a cabinet, balancing on 
her high heels. 

"Awww, so what!  I'll bet she can be loads of fun!"

"I don't know.  She seems pretty mello to me."

"Too bad, bud!  Go for it!"  

Sonic shoved Mighty into the office and closed the door.  Mighty stumbled 
around a bit, and finally got his balance back, finding himself looking into 
Miss Greenspear's eyes.  

"Uhh...hi."  he said with an uneasy grin.  

"May I help you, Mr. Armadillo?"  she said with an expression on her face 
that said she wasn't too thrilled about this sudden intruder. 
 
"Uhh...yeah.  Uh...Miss Greenspear...I..well...would you like to go out on a 
date with me tonight?"  

"I don't date men from work." she answered.  "I'm busy tonight anyways."  


"It's just at Wharf Side Dance Hall--"  

"Wharf Side?  I'm going there tonight.  If you can catch me there, I'll 
stick around with you."  

"Great!  Uh...Sonic?"  

Sonic opened the door, sporting a smirk that said he'd been eavesdropping.  


"Yeah, bud?"  

"What time tonight?"  

"Nine o'clock.  We'll meet in the Performance Hall, towards the back of 
Wharf Side."  

"Is that alright with you?  Hey!  Where did she go?" 

The back door was open and only thing left was a message on her desk that 
said, 'Ask for Diva.'

"Ask for Diva?  What does that mean, Sonic?"  

Mighty turned around to see Sonic racing through the double doors.  He 
smiled and obviously knew what it meant.  

"I'll be there with a couple of friends!  Later!"


Mighty felt a little weird in a blue tux, so he pulled his trench coat 
tighter around him.  Wharf Side Dance Hall did look inviting though.  He 
went past the guards who watched for robots and stepped inside.  Before he 
could look around for Sonic however, he was blocked by a couple of 10 year 
old foxes.  One was a little girl, with neon blue tipping the ends of her 
white tail and white hair locks, as well as being the color of her eyes.  
The other, a little boy, essentially looked like her opposite, with red 
tipping his black fur, and red eyes.  Both wore green oriental stylized 
outfits and bowed in a respectful manner, beaming huge smiles.  

"Welcome to Wharf Side Dance Hall!" they said together.  

"I'm Lela!" 

"And I'm Toby!" 

"We're the Jumptail twins!" 

"But if you prefer like most customers, you can call me Demon," said the 
boy, "and me Angel!" said the girl.  

"We live to serve!"  

"Uh,Yeah..." Mighty said, quite amused by the spectacle the waiter and 
waitress caused.  "I'm looking for...I guess...someone called Diva?"  

"Diva!!!" They said together. 

"What do you want?!" said the boy with a sneer, as the girl bared her teeth. 
  

His amusement now gone, Mighty quickly answered. "I'm her date, I guess!"  


"Oh!" said the girl in a ticked off voice, sounding more relieved than 
anything. "So she took my advice for once, Demon!  Who would have known!"  


"Oh the freak!  Look at the time!  We're late!"the boy yelled.  

"Wait!" yelled Mighty. "Where's Diva?!"  

They headed for the stage with the grande piano on it, and quickly Demon was 
at the drums, and Lela with a flute at hand.  Someone was already 
performing, however.  A genet with a short lime green dress, and a choker 
with an emerald around the neck, was singing a bouncy little number,  
jumping with the crowd that was cheering loudly.  

"Everyone to the left, to the right, to the front, to the butt!  Now, Jump, 
Jump, Jump, Jump!  Yeah!"  she sang out over the crowd.  

"Wow...now she's gorgeous." Mighty thought to himself.  

The dog at the piano was really going at it, while a stoat was strumming on 
a metal guitar, and a hare was doing the bass.  All of a sudden the song was 
over, and she looked his way.  He recognized those eyes! 

"It's Miss Greenspear!"  said Mighty, shocked beyond belief!  
She looked 
a lot different with her red hair down and in a lime green, short dress!

"Take it Jumptails!"  she said in the mic.  

Angel and Demon sang another hip hop song, as the genet stepped down.  

"Hey Mighty Man!  Nice seeing you here!"


"Mis..Miss...Missss...uh...." 

"Greenspear!  Everyone here just calls me Diva!  I'm a pretty independent 
singer.  I come here every night!"

"Hey...Mighty."  

Mighty heard Sonic's voice.  Mighty slowly turned around and smiled with 
mischief written all over it.

"You knew it!  If I don't die from surprise, I'll most certainly will get 
you for tricking me!"  

"Hey, I didn't know she was Diva.  I know her as Diva, I didn't know she 
worked at a Newspaper building!  Well, anyways, let me introduce you to my 
friends!  Ms Acorn or you know her better as Princess Sally!"  

"Wow, your majesty!"  

"Don't Mighty!  I'd like to be a friend!  Don't bother with the 
formalities!"she laughed.  

"And this is my little buddy and my best 'sidekick', so to put it!  Miles 
Prower, but you can call him Tails!"

  "Nice to meet cha!"  


They spent a couple hours just talking and getting to know each other, when 
the music changed.

"It's eleven!  It's slow music dance time! C'mon!" exclaimed Diva excitedly. 


She pulled Mighty to his feet, while Sonic and Sally went dancing off to 
another part of the hall.

"Aren't you going to find a partner?"  Sally asked Tails, before she went 
dancing off.  

"Nah.  Dancing doesn't seem like my sort of thing."  Tails stated.  

"Allow me to educate the boy!"  Diva said.  "LELA!" she screeched.  

Lela, or better known as Angel, stopped her flute playing and ran over to 
Diva.

"Yeah Diva!  What can I do for you?"

"This here boy thinks dancing isn't his thing.  Care to change his mind?"  


"A cute boy like that?  It'll be my pleasure!"  she said with a big grin, 
while Tails eyes got as big as saucers.  

"I'm not so sure I can slow dance myself." Mighty stated, as they left Tails 
to defend himself against the opposite sex.

"Oh anyone can waltz.  Just put take my hand, and put your other hand on my 
hip." 

"ULP...Okay."  he said with a great amount of uneasiness.  

Diva didn't noted his reaction, and started talking.
     "You know I 
should have seen you around here before now!"

"Why?"  

"Well, you're cute, and very humble for a guy.  You'd think someone would 
have snagged you as a date before hand!  But you sure don't seem to have 
gone on a date for a long time." 

"Well" said Mighty, "I was dating Fi...someone."

"Oh no Mighty, you tell me everything about this...Fi!"  

"Fiona.  I went out with her for a long time, but things fell apart.  She 
was just too demanding.  She wanted a guy who was stronger--well in the 
assertive way!"  

"Sounds like a witch to me!  Ever notice that?  All the mean girls out there 
always get the sweet guys, while nice girls get jerks!  I hope I don't get a 
jerk...or that I' m mean."

"Oh you're one of the nice girls alright!"  Mighty said.  "Don't you date a 
lot?"  

"Well...in all honesty, you're my first."

"Someone as great and pretty as you?!  You've got to be kidding!"  Mighty 
said, surprising himself that he had said that out loud.  

Diva blushed.  "Well I'm always busy...I mean that too.  I come here every 
night to sing the blues away."  

Mighty was going to ask why she acted so differently in work, but decided 
not to.  He was too lost looking into those big green eyes.


"Oh no! I've got to go!"  Diva yelled.

"Why?"  

"I just have to!"

Mighty was wondering why the emerald on her choker was glowing.  

"I really lost track of time--I have to go!"

Mighty held her hand tightly.  
   "Why?" he inquired again.  

Diva managed to wring her hand out of his grasp.  An eerie look he hadn't 
ever seen in her, or anyone for that matter, came into her eyes.  

"It's calling me." 

She ran out the back exit.  Mighty snapped out of his stupor, and ran after 
her.

"Wait!"  

She ran out the door, and suddenly there was a unnatural green flash of 
light.  Mighty was scared of what may of happened to her, but as he stepped 
out, the alleyway was completely deserted, only a paper fluttering by in the 
wind.  He felt worried, and slowly walked back in.  He sat at the bar, and 
asked for a pop.  He slumped over and sighed.

"What had happened to her?" he thought.  

The waiter who had gave him his soda, stepped back, leaned and sighed.  

"Don't waste your time with that one."  he said quietly.  

"Excuse me?"  Mighty said.

"The name is Sip," said the waiter woodchuck.  "and I wouldn't waste my time 
on her if I were you."

"Why?"  Mighty asked ticked off.  

Diva was sweet and caring, and even though she made strange exits, he wasn't 
about to give up on his first date after all this time.  

"Don't be mad at me lad." Sip said.  "All I'm saying is that she is 
mysterious.  She came here when she was seven, with those two foxes," he 
said as he pointed at Lela and Toby. "She was especially strange then, 
wouldn't say anything much, like she had seen the whole world in one second! 
  As far as I could tell, she took care of those two foxes, and I'm pretty 
sure of it, because once in a while you'll catch one of them calling her 
mom.  She's too young to be their mother though.  She said she would perform 
here in exchange for a place for her and those two kids.  Anyways, she and 
those kids won't ever say where they're from, or what they've went through.  
It's all a mystery."  

"Well, I don't care what you say.  She'll be here tomorrow night, and so 
will I.  She's too good of a person, as far as I can tell, to give up 
because of some story!"  

"Suit yourself, boy.  I try to help, and I'm just telling you now."  

Sonic stepped up to Mighty before he could say anything more to Sip.  

"Well I had a fun time.  Where's Diva?" 

"She left."
     "Oh.  Well, why don't we do this again tomorrow night?  
I've got a few friends who would like to talk business with you."

"Sure." Mighty said, who was only halfway there as he stared into his soda, 
with a faraway look in his eyes.  

"Well we're going back to the forest...are you alright man?" Sonic asked 
because of the look in Mighty's eyes.  

"Huh?..Oh!  Nothing.  I'm fine.  Tomorrow night!" 

"Okay, man, tomorrow." Sonic said, with a worried grin that had one eyebrow 
raised, a little worried about his bud, and what he was thinking about.


Even though he had the week off, Mighty went to the work the next day, to 
see if the genet was there who had run off last night.  He knocked on Miss 
Greenspear's door.  

"Come in." he heard her voice from inside. 

"Mighty!  I didn't expect to see you."  

"What is up with last night?"  he asked before she could say anything more.  


"I don't want to talk about it."

"But I'm worried about you!" 

"Look, I don't ask about what you've been doing, do I?"  her face fell into 
a downcast, regretting her outburst.  

"I'm sorry Mighty.  You just wouldn't understand." 

Before Mighty could retort however, a blast came from outside.  Swatbots had 
blasted the wall down, and had guns raised. 

"You are under arrest Holli Greenspear for sabotaging the work of Robotnik.  
Surrender or we will shoot."

"Oh no they've tracked me!  I can't let them shoot in this crowded 
building!" Holli said, making Mighty wonder what all of this was about. 
  
    Mighty however mad he was, didn't want anything to happen to Miss 
Greenspear, no matter what. Mighty knock two swatbots to the ground, before 
being knocked down by three others.  

"Stop Mighty!  I can take care of myself!  I'm not going to let anyone get 
hurt, including you!"

She walked up to them and they took her by the arms.

"Let her go!" Mighty said, but got knocked down again.  

"Trust me Mighty."she said with her eyes half closed, and with a knowing 
smile.  

Mighty stayed sitting on the ground while Miss Greenspear was dragged 
outside.  When they were several yards away, however, Miss Greenspear did 
something Mighty couldn't believe!


A huge orb of electrifying green energy was cracking in her outstretched 
arms, until she was holding a huge ball of energy!  She threw it with all 
her might, and the swatbots exploded and sizzled out of existence.  She 
turned around and looked at Mighty, hoping he hadn't seen, but knowing it 
wasn't possible.  She ran away, and again Mighty had to snap out of his 
stupor caused by surprise.  

"Err...not this time!"  

Miss Greenspear saw him coming.  "I'm sorry Mighty!"

There was a huge blue glowing, and it looked like a hole had just opened 
into the sky.  She dove in headfirst in a ball.

"I'll see you tonight," Mighty said under his breath "I know I will."


That night Miss Greenspear, or Diva managed to avoid him most of the night.  
Mighty met a couple more of Sonic's friends.  

"This is Knuckles the Echidna, guardian of The Floating Island and Julie-Su 
a friend of his."

"More than a friend if you ask me!"  Sally stated.  

Julie-Su and Knuckles both blushed a little.

"I've been worried about the state of the island," Knuckles said.  "Robotnik 
has attacked, and I need some people I can trust to help me with my duty of 
guardian, to protect the island, the inhabitants and the emerald that keeps 
it afloat.  Julie-Su is one member of that team, which is called The 
Chaotix."

"And," said Sonic "that is where Ray went.  Knuckles wanted one more member, 
and asked me, but I turned the offer down.  I'm needed here.  I recommended 
you for the job, because of your skills of super strength and combat."  

"Will you become the last Chaotix?"  Knuckles asked.


Mighty was shocked at being offered a responsibility like this.  He had 
heard of the island, but he wasn't ready to just get up and leave 
Robotropolis.  

"I need some time to think about it."  

"Alright bud.  But Knuckles and Julie-Su are headed back to the island in a 
couple days.  Either you're on the plane with them, or you're not." 


Mighty walked off, while the rest of the crew decided to enjoy what was left 
of the night.  For the first time that night, he spotted Diva.  She saw him, 
  but he grabbed her by the arm before she could run off.

"What's going on?  What's with the weird energy stuff?  I think you owe me 
an explanation for disappearing last night."  

Diva looked around, like she was looking to see if anyone was watching them, 
then pulled Mighty out into the dance crowd.  As they started to slow dance, 
she started to talk. 

"Mighty, my real name is Holliko Suzuko Greenspear, and  I'm a Chaos 
Enchantress.  I can manipulate chaos emeralds, power rings, and even the 
energy my spirit gives off. It's kind of like you and your friend Sonic, how 
you use them for power boosts." 

That wasn't what Mighty expected to hear, but that explained a lot of 
things.  

"Every night I go and sabotage Robotnik's property.  Even though I'm 
enchantress, magic can only do so much.  He knows what happened to my 
parents.  I'm trying to stop him, with all my power!" 

"That's what we all are trying to do!"  Mighty said.

"You don't understand.  I HAVE TO STOP HIM.  Nothing will stop me."  she 
said with an eerie determination.

"What do you do, go by yourself?  You said yourself that magic can only do 
so much.  Someone should help you on your missions."

"No.  I can't let anyone get hurt.  When I was little, I lived in the east.  
My parents disappeared when they went west to see if they could help with 
the war cause, and my grandmother died soon afterwards.  I traveled here, to 
find my parents.  Lela and Toby were orphans, and I took them with me, 
knowing what it would be like to be left all alone.  I've raised them since 
I was five, which made me grow up pretty quick.  During all that time I've 
learned about my powers.  Tonight, I WILL go, Mighty.  You can't stop me." 


Mighty was shocked at what he heard.  It didn't sound like the girl he had 
met the night before.

"Fine...Diva.  Or is it Holli?"  

He walked off angerly towards Knuckles and Holli walked sadly out the back 
exit.  He approached Knuckles and said in very a cool calm seriousness,

"Knuckles,  count me in."


Sonic, Knuckles and the others wanted to celebrate their success the 
following night because of Mighty's new position as a member of The Chaotix. 
  Mighty was determine not to look for Holli that night.  As far as he was 
concerned, there was no woman out there for him.  It was that way with 
Fiona, and now he was left with only memories again.  But something was 
different this time.  He was hurt last time, but this time he had a feeling 
that he had made a mistake.  He knew he was right in their argument, she was 
too headstrong.  Not demanding like Fiona, but nevertheless she had been 
headstrong.  But that wasn't necessarily a bad trait was it?  What was he 
thinking?  He was right, she was wrong, and he decided that they needed to 
go their separate ways.  But why did he feel bad?  He thought about it, and 
knew that Holli was too good to let go.  He started to look around for 
Holli, but his thoughts were soon interrupted.

"Mighty, Mighty!!!!!!"  

He looked around to see Lela and Toby approaching him.  

"What's the matter?"  

"Do you know where mom--Holli is?  We haven't seen her since last night and 
we've looked everywhere!" yelled Toby.  

"I'm really worried.  We both are!  Mom's never disappeared this long 
before!!!"  whimpered Lela. 

"Oh no." Mighty said.  "I really shouldn't have let her go!  She must have 
been caught last night!"


Mighty took no time to change out of his tux, as the Jumptail twins followed 
him.  He quickly went out the back exit.  Mighty started running.  He knew 
he had to head to Robotnik's headquarters, and that is where Holli would be. 
  He heard someone behind him.  Lela and Toby we're following, and catching 
up.  Mighty stopped.

"You're both too young to be following me to Robotnik's headquarters.  Stay 
here!"

"No."  the twins said.  "We're coming."  

"No you're not."  

"We know what Holli said to you last night." Lela said.  "Are you also not 
going to let anyone help you?" 

"We had felt the same, but there was no way we could stop her either." Toby 
commented.

"Alright kids.  But you do exactly what I tell you."


Mighty and the twins snuck through the ventilation, headed towards the 
holding cells.  Lela who knew her electronics, broke into the wiring to a 
monitor outside the vent. 

"She's in cell block A, cell 6.  Mighty broke down the vent, but as he 
looked around the cell, he couldn't find her.  

"Lela, she's not here."

"Oh no! The roboticizer!" Toby gasped. 


Mighty went into a spin and knocked down the vent that lead to the 
roboticizer room.  He saw no one however, and that the place was deserted.  
A laugh slowly started to be heard.  Lela and Toby we're scared, but Mighty 
was angry.  Out stepped Robotnik!  

"Well, I expected the hedgehog also, but I see I'll have to be happy with 
what I have....Hand Laser, if you'll please."  

Out stepped a roboticized Holli, now called Hand Laser by Robotnik!  Mighty 
felt his heart go into his throat.  

"Normally, she would have been a worker robot, but I thought someone of such 
charisma should have a higher role in my ranks.  If you'll please, Laser." 


Holli's eyes AND tips of all her fingers started to glow green, making a 
total of twelve lasers ready to go off, as Robotnik retreated out of the 
room.  
   "Have a lovely time!"  Robotnik laughed.

"Get back into the vent!"  screamed Mighty.  

"No can do, Mighty!"  Toby screamed back.  

The twins leaped over Mighty into balls and landed in front of him.  Holli's 
lasers went off, Mighty yelled, but the lasers didn't hit him.  Lela and 
Toby had made a shield!  Lela and Toby sent green blasts that had been 
similar to Holli's raging towards her.  Electricity surged around the robot 
after getting hit by the double blasts.
"You're enchanters too?"  Mighty gasped.

"You learn from your parents."  Lela commented with a knowing smile.  

"Enough with magic,"  Toby screeched.  "we're not called the Jumptails for 
nothing!"  

Lela and Toby coiled their tails, and sprung up, bounced around the room 
like rubber balls, off ceiling and wall, dodging the blasts, as Mighty also 
dodged while running toward the robot.  Seeing Mighty's approach, the robot 
started spinning, her roboticized long hair that now worked like round 
blades, causing Mighty to have to back off, in less he wanted to lose a 
hand.  Lela and Toby we're together, when a blast hit the wall and collapsed 
on them.  

"We're trapped!  Help!"  

Mighty knew that he couldn't help however, because if he didn't stop the 
roboticized Holli, they we're all done for.  He hid behind broken wall, and 
quickly thought, trying to get an idea before he was discovered, as she 
blasted everywhere in an attempt to find him.  

"She's roboticized and will be stronger.  I can hold her back, if I can grab 
her with out getting hit, but I can't hold her forever."  

He saw exposed wires that had broke out of the wall, and an idea struck him. 
  

"I don't want to do this, but come this way Holli!"

The robot lurked around the corners, hissing smoke with menacing eyes still 
glowing green.  Mighty crouched and waited.  The robot rounded the corner.  
As the robot looked with an eerie turn of the head, and found him, Mighty 
leapt forward with the live wire in tow.  It connected with the wire exposed 
in between her eyes.  

"RRRAAARRRGH!!!!!"


The room was an inky black darkness, because the lights had been blown out 
from the power surge.  A roboticized Holli laid off-line on the floor, with 
her dangerous eyes and fingers still glowing from its firing, and smoke 
could be seen barely, coming from every crack on her body.  Mighty lifted 
the huge wall off the twins as they crawled out.  He dropped it with a huge 
thundering.  

"Mom..."  Lela sniffed.  

"What can we do now...?"  Toby asked. 

"This is the roboticizer room.  We'll deroboticizer her now!  We've got to 
hurry!"  yelled Mighty.

Lela ran to the doors and locked them.  

"That'll give as the time we need!"  

She ran over to the main computer.  

"Mighty put her over in the roboticizer tube!"

Mighty picked her up, and set her up so she was standing. 

"We're lucky.  That power surge didn't knock out all the power."  Lela said 
in a worried whimper. 
    The tube went down.  

"Here goes."  Lela pushed the final button. 
    The power surged.  But 
the robot, Hand Laser, still stood there.  

"Strike one."  Lela said with worry.

Banging could be heard on the doors from outside.  Mighty held up the door.  


"Try again Lela!"  

Toby looked around at Lela's work.

"I've got only one more try, and all the power will be gone!"  

Lela was stumped.  Then it clicked!

"Oh duh!  Of course that sequence wouldn't work!"

Lela punched in the buttons in another order.  The power surged again, 
blowing up the roboticizer tube in the process, as they looked away from the 
blinding light.  

"It worked!"  Toby cried with joy. 

There was an unconscious Holli, slumped on the floor, but nevertheless, 
deroboticized.

"Let's move it!"  Mighty yelled.  

The twins crawled into the vent, with Mighty following, holding a limp 
Holli.  There was a blast behind Mighty.  

"They're shooting through the vent!" Mighty yelled.

"Hurry!  We need to get further down!"  Lela yelled to Toby who was leading 
the way.


I was bleak and cold when they reached the outside, and not a thing could be 
seen.  They held each others hands so not lose each other, but not one dared 
to say a word, for fear that they would stumble on combots who guarded the 
grounds.  Finally Mighty was sure that if the combots hadn't found them by 
now, then surely they we're safe. 

"I think we're safe."  he said softly.

All of a sudden search lights turned on, blinding all of them.  Robotnik 
stood in front of them, surrounded by combots and hover units, with no 
chance for escape.  

"Very resourceful little girl.  But I also am resourceful.  You don't think 
you could possibly escape that easily, do you?  Give yourselves up, and I 
will be...generous.  You will only have to be roboticized instead of 
terminated."  

"Fat chance, fatso!!!"  Mighty bellowed back.

"Fine then...enough with insults and emotions.  Oh just shoot them and be 
done with it."  

The Jumptails went into balls and started bouncing, knocking hover units and 
combots.  Mighty knocked down a couple of combots and ran behind a junk pile 
to keep Holli safe.  As he was about to go back to help the twins, he saw 
Holli wake up.  Even though weak and wounded, she slowly got up, lifting her 
upper half without her arms, as if her arms had gone limp, with an eerie 
look as if something else had pushed her up, with a half dead look in her 
eyes, and walked past Mighty.  She crossed her arms over her chest and 
closed her eyes.  

"What do you hope to accomplish with that?"  sneered Robotnik over the gun 
fire.  

She opened her eyes, and there was a sudden blast.  They all looked , and 
there was a Holli cladded in a white dress with silver, and hair ornaments 
in a unique hair style.  

"What the freak?!"  Mighty yelled with amazement. 

Holli merely just left the ground, hovering and started to glow, that 
created a sphere of energy around herself as she raised and outstretched her 
arms.  The sphere steadily got bigger at an incredible speed.  The robots 
could not compute what it was, until it reached one.  It exploded when it 
touched the sphere with deadly results. 

"Oh, ancient walkers!" yelled Mighty.  "It's coming this way!"  

All three of them backed up against the wall, but we're greatly relieved 
when the energy merely passed them over.  

"RETREAT!!!"  ordered Robotnik. 

All the robots headed back inside the headquarters as the entrances slammed 
shut.  The light quickly went out, and the three saw a back to normal Holli 
standing looking fazed.  She took in a breath, turned her head to look at 
Mighty, looking with half closed eyes, with a pleading stare at Mighty, then 
her eyes rolled back, her knees gave way, and she collapsed.  Mighty ran up 
and caught her.  

"Let's get out of here before something else happens!"  

Outside in a safe range, Holli came to.

"You're all all right...."  she said weakly.

"What was that, Holli?"  asked Toby.  

"I don't know.  I don't know how that happened."

"Never mind that." Mighty said.  "All I know is that you need to pull 
yourself together.  You can't live like this.  Diva by Night, Miss 
Greenspear by day...what happened and where does Holli go in the middle of 
all that?"  

Mighty really hit the nail on the head, because Holli's eyes welled with 
tears at realizing how right he was.  She got up and ran away again.  But 
this time Mighty didn't follow.


Mighty really regretted the decision he had made in his anger two nights 
before to join the Chaotix.  He had made the decision because he thought 
Holli hadn't cared what happened to him.  But now he was pretty sure that 
she did.  But he knew he couldn't go back on his word.  He took a cab to 
meet Knuckles, Sonic, Julie-Su, Sally, and Tails at the airport.  

Meanwhile, not Diva, but Holli entered The Wharf Side Dance Hall.  She wore 
an elegant violet dress instead of her short lime dress to show how she had 
decided to make all her different lives into one.  She knew Mighty had been 
right the night before, and she was going to show him.  But she was dismayed 
when she couldn't find him at the dance hall.  She sat down with a sigh at 
the bar.  

"Sip, have you seen Mighty?"  

"You didn't know?  He's joined the guardian team called The Chaotix to 
protect The Floating Island for the rest of his life.  He's leaving for the 
island at the airport right now.  

"OH NO!!  I've got to stop him!!!"  
She grabbed her trench coat and ran 
out the door.  

Sip sighed.  

"I knew it was headed for disaster.  ...I knew it."

Mighty had reached the airport, and quickly  Sonic ran up to him.

"Are you alright?  I mean after what happened to you last night...."

"I'll be fine, Sonic.  Thanks anyway."

Sonic knew he wasn't, but he couldn't go back on his word to Knuckles.  He 
was about to board the plane when he heard a yell behind him. 
 "Mighty, 
WAIT!"
He was surprised to see Holli running up to him, begging for him to stop.  
He went back down the ramp, as she took his hands.  

"I...."  

"I know.  If I had been honest with you in the first place  you wouldn't 
have made the decision you did."
Holli said as tears streamed down her face.
  Mighty looked around at his 
friends, and then at the plane.
"Come with me."  Mighty said.  

Knuckles was feeling sorry for Mighty and added in,

"You can become a member of The Chaotix."  

Holli sadly looked in Mighty's eyes, which told him that she couldn't.  

"I have two foxes to raise.  And parents to be found.  I can't leave.  I 
won't ever work alone again...I promise."  

"You can stay if you want.  I can find someone else."  Knuckles said.  

"No...I gave you my word.  You understand, don't you Holli?"  

She put a finger on his lips, and said with sadness.  

"Of course.  You're going to help people, and fight against Robotnik...just 
like I do.  Only...you'll be farther away from me.  But you'll never be far 
away in my heart."  

"Same here...same here."  

"Someday...someday.  Wait for me?"  

Mighty nodded yes.  

Mighty was surprised at the kiss he got from Holli all of a sudden, but was 
glad she did, a tiny bit of comfort among all the flooding of heartache.  
Slowly he took his hands away, and went into the plane where Knuckles and 
Julie-Su we're waiting.  Sonic, Sally, and Tails headed back for the forest 
as the plane took off.  Holli just stood there and let the tears stream down 
her face, as Mighty looked out his window on the plane.  Mighty was left 
alone with his heartache as the plane took off for the horizon.  Holli 
slumped down and cried her heart out, as Lela and Toby approached her.  They 
sat down on the ground and hugged her, trying to comfort her.  She wept, her 
face buried in Lela's shoulder.  She looked up to watch the plane disappear 
into a speck.  Mighty felt the same in the plane as she disappeared from 
sight.  

"Someday...someday it is.  I won't forget."


THE END