			Attack of the Robots

	Amy was taking a walk through Knothole trying to find something
to do when she came apon a target range.
        
	"What the heck," she said and she picked up a large stick with 
one sharp end and plunged it right toward the target at amazing speed.
The stick hit dead center and went into the target. She ran towards the
stick to take it out but before she pulled the stick out she heard some 
soft whimpering. She looked behind the target to see that her throw 
sent the stick straight through the target and was less than three 
centimetres away from a little fox's face. The fox seemed normal except
for the fact he had two tails.
        "Hello?" She waved her hand in front of his face. "Hello?"
        Suddenly the fox came out of the trance he was in and screamed.
        "It's okay. I won't hurt you."
        "Who are you?"
        "My name is Amy. Sorry if I scared you. I didn't know you were
back there."
        "My name is Tails." He looked at the stick and the target. 
"Nice shot." Then he spun his tails around and flew away.
        "Nice way to make friends, Amy, scare them out of their wits. 
Then they fly away," she said to herself. "Wait a sec- FLY?"
        
        Sonic and Chaos were getting off scouting duty and were very bored.
        "See, told ya nothing happens out there, Sal."
        "Okay, Sonic, you're off scout duty so don't push it."
        "Fine, now I am getting my chili dog." He ran off.
        "Sometimes I don't know how I stand him." She shook her head 
and walked back to her hut.
        Sonic was running to his hut to make some chili dogs when he 
saw Amy practicing her skills on an old dummy.
        "Hey, Amy."
        "What? Oh hi, Sonic."
        "Whatcha doing?"
        "Practicing."
        "I can see that, what for?"
        "Oh, for a competition held on the Floating Island every five years."
        "So you're going to this competition?"
        "Ya, but I wish I had something better to practice on."
        "Sorry I can't help. Good luck."
        "It doesn't start for three months."
        "Great. You should have had experience fighting Robotnik by then."
        "I hope so. It would help."
        "I bet. Well see ya."
        "Bye."
        Sonic ran off to his hut causing Amy to grab onto the dummy to 
avoid being carried away.
        "I have to get used to that."

        In Robotropolis, Robotnik's flunky, Snively, ran up to the evil
doctor with news.
        "Sir, our spy in Knothole has informed us that a new Freedom 
Fighter has joined with Princess Sally."
        "Where do they keep coming from?" Robotnik yelled slamming his 
hand down on his keypad breaking it. "Now who is it?"
        "It is a female echidna named Amy that escaped from one of the
villages on the Floating Island. While Swatbots destroyed it, she 
appears to have a cybernetic eye and is very skilled in fighting."
        "I will have to add this to my next plan. Come, Snively, we 
have work to do."
        "You mean I have work to do?" Snively muttered under his breath.
        "What was that, Snively!"
        "Ulp.....uh...I love working for you....heh heh."
        "Never mind. Come on, it's a good thing we planted a spy in 
that village or we wouldn't have this information. The poor animals. A 
spy in their midst and they don't even know it."

        A week later Uncle Chuck had learned that Robotnik had
constructed something that could spell doom for the Freedom Fighters. 
He sent a message to Sally in Knothole.
        "Hey, Sal, what's it say?" asked an impatient Sonic.
        "It's from Uncle Chuck. He says that Robotnik's got another 
project that is his worst yet."
        "Sounds bad. What is it?"
        "He doesn't say but he does say there is a spy in Knothole."
        "Whoa, seriously?"
        "That's what he says. But first we have to destroy this robot."
        "Right, I'll get Tails, Ant, Chaos, Bunnie and Rote."
        "This could be a good experience for Amy so go get everybody 
and meet me at the oak slide."
        "Right away, Sal." He sped off.
        "This sounds bad." She left her hut and walked towards the 
place she said she'd meet Sonic. He was already there and had brought 
everyone with him.
        "What is this about, Princess?"
        "Robotnik has created another robot that Uncle Chuck says is 
his worst yet and we have to destroy it."
        "Will it not be dangerous?"
        "Yes, Antoine but that's the price for freedom."
        "Come on, let's get this over with."
        "Lets do it!"
        Sonic carried Sally, Antoine and Bunnie while Chaos carried
Rotor, Amy and Tails. 

        The planet Mobius was once a beautiful paradise but that was 
before the evil Robotnik took over and started polluting the planet and
turning innocent Mobians into mindless robot slaves. In the secret 
village of Knothole a small group of Freedom Fighters, five at the time
of the takeover, fought the war against the tyrant. Thirteen years 
later they still fought the war against him. One day Sonic and Chaos 
Hedgehog were out on scouting duty.
        "Why does Sal insist we do this? Nothing's happened in weeks."
        "I know, Sonic, but she says she has this nagging feeling."
        "I still think it's a waste of time. I mean, what is gonna 
happen? And if something does happen, I'm cool."
        "Mr. Hedgehog?" a female voice said behind him tapping his shoulder.
        "Ahhhhhhhh!" Sonic jumped three feet in the air. When he landed
he turned around ready to smash a bot. Instead he faced a female 
echidna wearing a hood and jacket that covered her head and body.
        "Who are you?"
        "My name is Amanda but call me Amy."
        "What do you want?"
        "I was hoping you would give me directions to Knothole Village.
I wish to become a Freedom Fighter."
        "What you think, Chaos?"
        "What harm can it do? Besides we could use some more Freedom Fighters."
        "Okay, kid, we'll take you." Hee started off towards Knothole 
followed by Chaos and Amanda.
        "You're cool, huh?" said Chaos to Sonic trying to keep back his laughter.
        
        Back at Knothole Sonic took Amy over to Sally's hut. He left 
her outside and opened the door.
        "Sonic? Your scout duty dosn't end until two more hours," Sally
said obviously agitated.
        "Oh ya, scout duty, well, we came across this echidna girl that
wants to became a Freedom Fighter."
        "Oh,well were is she?"
        "She waiting outside. I'll go get her." He walked outside for a
minute then came back in followed by Amy. "Sal, this is Amy, Amy this 
is Princess Sally, leader of the Freedom Fighters."
        "Pleased to meet you, Princess."
        "Just call me Sally. So Sonic says you want to become a Freedom Fighter."
        "Yes. Robotnik destoryed my village, my family and caused me 
physical scars forever." She took off her hood to reveal a beautiful 
face except for one thing. She had a cybernetic eye. "I lost my real 
eye the day Robotnik's robots destroyed my village on the Floating 
Island. Me and my little brother escaped but my parents wern't as 
lucky." Sally could see tears in her eyes but she quickly wiped them 
away. "I left my brother with family friends and left the island in 
search of Knothole were I had heard there was a band of animals 
fighting to save Mobius. It took me three years of tracking trough the 
Great Forest to find you but I am here and I want to join you."
        "Well anyone can join, so welcome aboard. What special talents 
do you have?"
        "My cybernetic eye can track motion from up to 200 miles away 
for one thing, even through trees and rocks," Sally let out a small 
whistle of amazement, "and I am quite good at fighting and gymastics."
        "Well, that's great. You can stay with me until we can get you 
a hut."
        "Thank you, your highness."
        "Just call me Sally."
        "Okay, Sally." She left the hut.
        "So whatcha think, Sal?"
        "We can always use more Freedom Fighters."
        "Ya I guess. I'm gonna get a chili dog."
        "You can have one when you get back," she said crossing her arms.
        "Get back? From where?"
        "You're still on scouting duty."
        "But, Sal-"
        "Sorry, Sonic, but it's your job."
        "Ah man." He walked out the door and towards Chaos' hut. "Come 
on, bro, we still got scouting duty and if I have to suffer so do you."
        Sally watched Sonic drag Chaos out of his hut and to the Great
Forest, Chaos protesting all the way.
        "He even has Sonic's ego," she said. (Tails would have flown 
but Sonic and Chaos were too fast). With their speed Sonic and Chaos 
soon reached Robotropolis.
        "Well we're here. Sal, did Uncle Chuck say where Robotnik was 
holding this robot?"
        "He said it was in warehouse number five."
        "Cool, but where is that?"
        "Beats me. Maybe Nicole has a map."
        "Who's Nicole," Amy whispered to Sonic.
        "Her computer."
        "Here it is." Sally pointed to a area on the holographic image.
"That means this secret weapon is in this warehouse." Rotor pointed to 
the warehouse behind them.
        "That was easy."
        "Ya, almost too easy." They opened the door and walked quietly 
inside with Sally bringing up the rear.
        "I'm scared, Aunt Sally."
        "It's okay, honey." She hugged Tails quickly and continued on.
        Suddenly a large monitor flicked on showing Robotnik's ugly face.
        "Welcome, Freedom Fighters, you have walked right into my 
trap." The doors behind them closed and were locked from the outside.
"Today you will learn three things. Who my spy is, what my secret 
weapon is, and that your life draws to an end."
        "What do you want, Robotnik?"
        "Why, Hedgehog, I get the impression you don't like me."
        "You bet I don't. Now what is this all about?"
        "All in time but now I have to show you something." He pressed 
a button and a panel slid open in the side of the wall. "I present to 
you the real Chaos."
        "But if he's there. then who is that?" Sonic pointed at Chaos.
        "I, rodent, am the spy you have heard about." Then all the 
artificial skin fell off to expose a silver robot that looked just like
Chaos, but he had a Chaos emerald in his forehead.
        "He is one of my finest inventions ever made. He is made of 
plutonium steel, the hardest substance on Mobius, has all the abilities
of the real Chaos but obeys my commands. I call him CHAOS!"
        "Big deal. He's still a dumb robot as far as I'm concerned."
        "He also has artificial intelligence and I stole the Floating 
Islands Chaos emerald and put it into him."
        "There's six of us and one of him."
        "Not for long." The lower half of the wall behind CHAOS flipped
open to reveal six robots that looked just like the Freedom Fighters.
"Once my robots have turned you into next week's trash they will be 
sent to Knothole Village and destroy it. Nobody would suspect the 
Freedom Fighters."
        "No robot you can make is as good as the original."
        "Oh I agree. They're better." But then something crashed 
through a window.
        "Ah, the echidna. I am so glad you joined us."
        "Shut up, Robotnik, and give me the Chaos Emerald!"
        "I'm afraid it's tied up right now"
        "Ya with me!" CHAOS fired a blast of energy at Knuckles. He 
barely had time to get out of the way.
        "Nice try, robot, but you missed."
        "Princess, if we don't get that emerald back to the Floating
Island it will fall out of the sky into the ocean and millions will be 
lost," said Amy stepping up to Sally.
        "Man, that can't be good."
        "Of course it's not good, Sonic," snapped Sally. "Okay, 
everybody, take your opponent."
        Sonic, Sally, Tails and the others all went after their 
impostors and tried to get rid of them while Amy went off to see if she
could find anything.
        "I will be doing this for my princezz," said Antoine but when 
the robot drew a sword half the size of his body, he said, "Who am I be
kidding? Pleaze be having marcy." The robot just picked him up by the 
neck and locked him in a cage.
        
        Sonic ran around the robot Sonic trying to pick him up into a 
tornado but the robot was too heavy and just stuck his arm out. Sonic 
didn't see it and ran right into it.
        "Nice trick but I know better." He went into a Sonic spin and 
sawed right through the robot. "That was easy."
        "Not as easy as this," said a voice behind him. Sonic turned 
around and saw the two halves of the robot grow back together.
        "Eww, that's gross."
        "Really, I try." He punched Sonic in his face real hard and he 
flew back against a wall unconscious. 
        "Pathetic, you can't beat SONIC." He picked Sonic up dragged 
him towards the cage that held Antoine. Soon all the Freedom Fighters 
were locked in the cage with Sonic. Sally tried to wake him up.
        "Ha ha, it was quite difficult to do it but now I have all
eight of you .... wait a sec, eight? The hedgehog, the princess, the 
rabbit, the coward (otherwise known as Antoine), the little two tailed 
freak, the walrus, the wizard is in the cage on the wall and the 
guardian is with the rest. Shouldn't there be one more?"
        "Yo, chump!" called Amy from her hiding place on one of the
metal beams near the ceiling.
        "The other echidna!"
        "That's right, Ro-butt-nik, and you better let my friends go!"
        While Robotnik and Amy argued CHAOS carefully aimed and shot a 
bolt out of his hand straight towards Amy. Luckily her cybernetic eye 
saw this movement and she backflipped right off the beam and the blast 
exploded against it, causing her to be covered in flames.
        "Too bad. I would rather have roboticized her but as long as 
she's gone, good work, CHAOS."
        "Of course it's good work."
        "I see I made you a little too much like the real thing."
        "Yo, CHAOS," asked one of the robots.
        "What do you want, SONIC?!"
        "Uh....you might want to see this."
        "What is so important?" He turned around to see Amy standing on
the floor singed slightly, her normal eye burning with hate. In her 
hand she held a long metal pole burned to a point at one end. "Oh this
can't be good," he moaned.
        "Too bad for you." She lunged the pole towards him at an 
amazing speed. CHAOS was fast enough to get out of the way but the 
robot behind him was hit in the chest.
        "Ze ouch," said ANTOINE as he fell to the floor.
        "Impressive," CHAOS said looking down at the remains of his
former comrade, "but can you take all of us at once?"
        "Gee, I don't know. I guess I have to though."
        "Take her!" yelled CHAOS.
        "Yes, sir." The robots ran toward Amy with SONIC and TAILS 
taking the lead. Amy grabbed the two robots by the neck and lifted them 
off the floor.
        "I think you should be more acquainted with each other." She 
smashed the two robots together and caused them to lose their heads 
literally. This caused the other robots to hesitate.
        "Get her!"
        "Yeah, bring it on!"
        "Alright, you asked for it," said ROTOR clenching his hands 
into fists.
        "Big talk for the big man." She easily ducked under his massive
fist. "You too slow."
        "Shut up!"
        "I don't think so." She jumped up and did a spinning round the
house kick and knocked him over onto SALLY. "Ow, that has to hurt."
        "I'll get you for that!"
        "Whatever." She picked up a pipe and swung it at ROTOR slicing
through him. "Today a two for one special on crazy robots."
        "Okay, sugar, it's just you and me now."
        "Oh no, my last opponent is a bunny."
        "That's BUNNIE to you!"
        "Okay, BUNNIE, just get on with it."
        "Fine." She swung a fist towards Amy but she moved to the side 
and it flew past harmlessly. Amy grabbed the arm and threw BUNNIE right
through the glass that held Chaos.
        "Very good, echidna," boomed Robotnik, "you have disposed of my 
robots but one. Can you beat yourself and CHAOS at the same time?"
        "What the heck are you talking about, lard butt?"
        "I would like you to meet my greatest creation yet. Meet AMY."
A panel slid open in on the wall (anyone else getting the feeling of 
deja vu?) and yet another robot stepped out. It was completely gold and
had a Chaos emerald where the cyber eye should have been. "Like it? She
is just like CHAOS. Better if that is possible and has the exact same 
abilities as you."
        "Anyone ever tell you that you talk to much?" said a voice from
the shadows.
        "What? Who's there?"
        "I think you should know," said the figure stepping from the 
shadows, his cloaks blowing around him.
        "Chaos! How did you escape, rodent?"
        "That's for me to know and you to find out, lard bottom!"
        "Why you little.....thing!"
        "Great comeback! Now I'm shaking."
        "If I was there I'd wring you neck."
        "Right, in your dreams."
        "Forget it! CHAOS, AMY get them!"
        "Yes, sir," replied CHAOS. "I'm going to enjoy this."
        "What? The part where your head is rolling on the floor or when
I rip all your limbs off?"
        "Ha ha! If you fight as well as you back talk this should be fun!"
        "Funny, I was going to say the same about you!"

        "Take this!" AMY mocked as she did a back flip kick and hit Amy.
        "That's good but not as good as this!" Amy yelled as she did a
spinning round the house hitting her numerous times in the head but AMY
followed up by uppercut.
        "Nice one, but you should really add more power, like this!" She
repeated AMY's action but sent her ten feet into the air. But AMY 
shifted in midair and landed on top of her opponent and sent her to the
floor.
        
        "Anyone get the number of that hoverbot? Oh, my head," said a 
shaken Sonic.
        "Aunt Sally, Sonic's awake!"
        "Finally," she said rushing over, "Are you okay?" 
        "I will be once I can think properly."
        "That's never stopped you before."
        "Ha ha. Hey is that Chaos or another robot?" he asked looking 
at the battle occurring outside the cell. The spy hit Chaos into the 
wall.
        "You piece of slime! I'm gonna whup your sorry excuse for a 
head all the way back to where your fat piece of lard boss made you, 
oil breath!"
        "It's Chaos," Sally said rolling her eyes.
        "Yeah and it looks like he and Amy are moppin' the floor with 
those two robots."
        "See if you can cut these bars."
        "No prob, stand back." He ran towards the bars and tried to 
buzzsaw his way through but when he hit them the bars he instantly 
became electrified and let out a large flash. When Sally opened her 
eyes again she saw Sonic on the floor rubbing his head. Most of his 
body singed, she walked over and helped him up.
        "You okay?"
        "Sure. Just a little mixed up but I think I broke my arm."
        "Perfect."
        "Everybody away from the bars," yelled Amy as she threw her 
duplicate towards the cage. All the Freedom Fighters did as told and 
when AMY hit the bars the same reaction came as with Sonic but being a 
robot, it fried her circuits and she was left smoking on the floor.
        "I think this belongs to me," said Knuckles reaching through 
the bars and yanking the unharmed Chaos emerald from the robot.
        "Yo, Amy, come here!" yelled Chaos.
        "What are they up to?" asked Tails straining to hear the two 
Mobians but unsuccessful because of Sonic's protests.
        "Come on, Sal, it's not that bad!"
        "Just be quiet, Sonic," said Sally wrapping Sonic's arm in 
bandages she found in Sonic's backpack. Tails just watched Amy and 
Chaos battle the robot while Sonic was arguing with Sally.

        "Think you can hold him off while I try something?"
        "Sure," replied Amy as she ducked under the fist of CHAOS. 
Chaos took a leap and yanked a large sword out of his cloak which no 
one knew he had, aimed for the monitor that showed Robotnik's face and 
sliced it clean off the wall.
        "Nooooooo!" screamed Robotnik as he watched the ground come 
closer from his perch up in the command center.
        "Amy, get out of the way!" Amy looked up to see the monitor 
falling towards her. She ran and slid out of range. CHAOS didn't see it
'til it was to late.
        "Ah crap," he said right before the monitor crushed him sending
his head flying.
        "Yes, now let's get you out of that cage," she said to the 
Freedom Fighters .She pulled on the door but the lock wouldn't budge.
        "Here, let me try," spoke Chaos landing back on the ground. He 
lifted the sword up and sliced right through the hinges of the door 
sending it clanging to the ground.
        "Great job, guys but where did you get that sword, Chaos?"
        "Beats me. I've had it for years."
        "That's nice, but let's get out of here before Robotnik sends 
his Swat-butts after us."
        "I am too be agreeing with Sonic. It will not be ze long of 
time before ze Swatbotz comez."
        "Okay, let's get back to Knothole."
        "Sure thing, Sal, juice time." Antoine, Rotor and Bunnie 
grabbed onto Sonic. He picked up Sally in his arms and sped off 
leaving Knuckles, Chaos and Amy behind.
        "I have to go now back to my island." Knukles took the other 
emerald and started to walk out.
        "Don't take the long way, here." Chaos transported Knuckles to 
his island and himself and Amy to Knothole seconds before Sonic 
arrived.
        "Hey, no fair! You have magic!" Chaos just shrugged his 
shoulders. "Cheesy teleporter!"
        "Cheesy, huh?" In a flash they were gone.
        "Hey, where'd Sonic and Chaos go?" A few seconds later they 
reappeared, Chaos in parka and hood and Sonic in a block of ice which
thawed quickly in the warm weather.
        "D..did you ha...have to use such d...drast...drastic ways of 
pr...proving a...a point, C..Chaos?" he said shivering.
        "What happened?"
        "Took him to the southern tundra." That got a laugh from everyone.
        "W.....what's so f....funny Ah.....Choo!" he said walking to 
his hut.
        "Chaos, that was so immature of you. Good one!"
        "Thanks, Sal," he said as she walked of towards where Sonic went.
        "Well now that's over," he said to Amy.
        "Yeah thank, goodness."

        In a dark old warehouse in Robotropolis a small figure slunk 
through the shadows searching for something. At last the creature found
it. He picked up the metal head up off the floor and spoke to himself 
in a small annoying voice.
        "Ah yes, here it is. But it seems that the emerald has been
removed. Never mind. My mind is far greater than my bloated whale uncle
with the help of my genius and you, my fine metal friend. We shall 
overthrow my uncle and Snively the Great will reign over all of Mobius
with you, CHAOS as my loyal second in command." His pitiful excuse of
laughter just scared a few rats away.

        A few months later, Amy, Chaos and Sonic were returning from the 
Floating Island to be met by Sally. She noticed Amy was carrying a 
large trophy.
        "I take it went well?"
        "Yep, I won first prize."
        "The whole thing was gyped. I didn't even get second."
        "Sonic, I allowed you to go 'cuz I wanted you to give Knuckles 
some stuff, not to fight in that contest," she scolded.
        "Yes, 'Mom.'" He slowly walked away.
        "What's wrong with him?"
        "He's just glad to see you again. He missed you the whole time 
and it caused him to get beaten."
        "Damm, why do I always do that?" She ran after Sonic and into 
his hut.
        "Hi, Sal, if you want to scold me some more, I'll listen."
        "Sonic, I'm sorry about what I said back there. It's just that
I didn't want you hurt." She sat down on the bed beside him. "Forgive 
me?" He looked into her sparkling blue eyes and replied.
        "Sal, why can't I ever stay mad at you?"
        "Because I love you." She wrapped her arms around him. Sonic 
did the same.
        "I love you too." They came together in a warm embrace. 
	Tails who saw the whole thing through the window had only one 
thing to say. He stuck out his tongue and said, "Yuck." He didn't 
notice a figure staring at him in the bushes.


                                        The End