Only Death Will Part Us Now
                              by Kurt Kieser

Author's Note: I would like to thank Bookshire Draftwood, whose story "The Power of Love" 
helped to inspire me.

     On a cool spring morning, as he was seated at his workbench, Rotor had his eyes 
transfixed on the window to his left overlooking the village and seemed to be in such deep 
thought that he didn't hear Bunnie enter.  "Ah said ah brought you over Nicole like you had
asked me to.  Rotor?" said Bunnie in a somewhat sterner voice.  His train of thought now 
broken, he slowly spun his stool around to face her.  
   
     "Oh, thanks, Bunnie.  Just tell Sally I'll return Nicole to her later this afternoon."  

     After handing the computer over to him, a concerned Bunnie asked, "Something botherin'
you, darlin'?  You seem a bit preoccupied."  

     Rotor got up, pointed over towards the window and turned to Bunnie. "Look at them!  
Just look at them down there.  Work, work, work, that's all they ever seem to do.  I never
see anyone playing or relaxing anymore.  It isn't right.  We need to do something.  Every 
day all they ever do, all we ever do, is work to try to put an end to Robotnik's reign of  
terror.  Sure, it's necessary, but I'm sure it's getting very frustrating for them when 
they see that we're not making very much headway.  They need a break- we all do- to just 
lose themselves and forget that there's a war going on."  

     Bunnie looked on in concern.  "Believe me, sugah, we'd all like to forget the war but 
it's kind of hard to with ol’ blubber butt running around causing chaos every day.  Why, 
you got any ideas?"  

     "A show," Rotor said.  

     "Ah beg your pardon?" a puzzled Bunnie asked.  

     "A musical extravaganza," Rotor said enthusiastically, "That would surely lift 
everyone's spirits, even if just for one night.  I've been kicking the idea around in my 
head for weeks now. I have the show all picked out, even have a leading lady in mind, but, 
there's only one thing stopping me.  Time.  With all the fighting going on, all we ever 
have time for is making battle plans, deciding when and where to hit Robotnik next.  When 
would we ever have time to rehearse, build sets, make costumes...?  Oh what's the use; 
Princess Sally would never go for it when there are more pressing matters at hand."  

     Appearing sympathetic, Bunnie reassuringly added, "Well, we'll just have to make time,
 because ah think it's a wonderful idea, Rotor.  A show is just what Knothole needs.  I'll 
go talk to Sally girl and try and sell her on the idea."  Bunnie started to depart Rotor's 
shop to head for Sally's hut when she turned around at the doorway and asked, "By the way, 
sugah, who exactly did you have in mind for a leading lady?"  

     Looking rather nervous, Rotor finally said, "Well, actually, (gulp), I was kind of  
sorta hoping that umm, that is to say ahh... you might do it?"   

     Bunnie was astonished a upon hearing this and started to walk back over to Rotor.  
"You want little ol' me to.....  why, Rotor, I'm honored.  Of course I'll do it.  But, do 
you really think I'm good enough, ah mean, I'd have to sing and dance right?  Wouldn't you 
rather have Sally or maybe Hershey....."  

     Rotor interrupted her, and extending his arms out, placed his hands on her shoulders 
to reassure her. "You, Bunnie, it's you I want..."  He paused for a moment before 
continuing, "...for the part."  Blushing, he then quickly backed away.  "Yeah, umm, you'd 
make a perfect Maria.  You see it's 'West Side Story' that I had planned on doing."   

     A flattered Bunnie replied, "'West Side Story', huh? Ah listened to some of the music 
from that with Sally one day. She has a lot of CDs from all the shows her daddy used to t
ake her to as a little girl.  Ah ain't never seen it though.  That's the one about the two 
rival gangs, isn't it?  And it's a love story too, right?"  

     Rotor nodded.  

     "Oooo, ah think I'm gonna like this."  Bunnie then walked over to him and gave him a 
quick kiss on the cheek.  "Thank ya, sugah."  She then departed for Sally's hut leaving the
very humbled walrus standing there holding his hand to his cheek.
     
     As he placed his soldering iron back in its stand, Rotor seemed rather satisfied at 
the completion of his latest device. He then picked up Nicole.  "Nicole, show me the 
location of the turbine's incoming steam valve.  Now bring up the schematic to the control 
panel of the furnace."  After studying the diagram for a moment, a contented grin appeared 
upon his face.  "That's it!  I think I've got it!  Oh, if you weren't a computer I could 
kiss you, Nicole, but I think I'll save that for Bunnie one of these days anyway."  He 
hurriedly grabbed the device and Nicole and headed over to Sally's hut. 
     
     "Come in, Rotor," said the rather somber sounding Princess.  "Bunnie told me all about
your idea for a show. Believe me, there's nothing more that I'd rather do than..... I love 
musicals, don't get me wrong. Daddy took me to see them often, but...... we... just don't 
have the time.  When would we be able to.....  What's that?"  

     Rotor placed the device in her hand and proudly proclaimed, "That, my dear Princess, 
is time."  

     "What, you mean it's a time machine?" a perplexed Sally asked.  

     "Hey, come on, I'm not that good," the modest walrus said.  "No, no, but this little 
device will buy us the time we need and then some.  Basically, once it and another one like
it are in place, it'll help to put Robotnik's main and back-up power plants out of 
commission for a couple of months."  

     Confused, Sally added, "I don't understand. A few months ago we took out the generator
from the main plant, and even though the back-up kicked in immediately, he still had the 
main one back online in less than two weeks.  How would this be different?"  

     "Well, for one thing, the damage would be a lot more severe.  It would take 
Robotnik....."  Rotor was interrupted by a familiar voice.  

     "Now there are three words that I like to hear together: severe, damage and 
Robuttnik," said the plucky blue hedgehog.  

     "Sonic, don't you ever knock?" asked Sally a bit annoyingly. "Rotor was just 
explaining his new invention to us.  Go on, Rotor."  

     "Well, as you said, all we did last time was knock out the generator which is easily 
replaced in a somewhat short period of time.  What we need to do is take out the furnace."  

     Sonic interjected, "The furnace?  You wanna freeze Robuttnik to death?"  

     Rotor chuckled for a moment. "No, not that kind of  furnace, Sonic.  Here, let me try 
explaining it this way without getting too technical.  You see, at the heart of a  power 
plant is a heat source that turns water into high-pressure steam.  The furnace is that 
source, and it has pipes within it which water flows through that turn into steam which is
then used to turn the blades of a turbine.  The turbine's rotating shaft then drives an 
electric generator which, of course, puts out electricity.  We just started at the wrong 
end of the chain last time.  Now we'll strike at the heart of the matter.  Thanks to Uncle 
Chuck who helped supply us with the information, we've downloaded all the schematics and 
layouts of both plants helping me to come up with this little gadget.  When plugged into 
the control panels at each of the plants, it will give the computer false readings of the 
pressure gauges telling it that everything is normal, when in fact the pressure will be 
dangerously high, at least when I get through with it.  I plan on closing the steam valve 
leading into the turbine, not all the way mind you. If I did that, power would go out and 
Robotnik would start to become suspicious.  I'll close it down just enough to keep the 
turbine going and producing a lower power output.  It'll take a while before he notices 
that.  In the meantime, the steam will begin to back up and the pressure will start to 
build up inside the furnace until finally it blows.  Now normally a relief valve would 
kick in and release the excess steam to prevent such an occurrence, but as I said, my 
device would override it.  And believe me, you don't want to be around when it blows, for 
it will be under such tremendous pressure that the impending explosion could take out 
three city blocks.  So even though the turbine is in a separate building, I'm hoping the 
explosion will take part of that with it too.  Now we need to do this at both plants at the
same time otherwise Robotnik would immediately have security beefed up at the remaining 
plant once he learns of the destruction of the other."  

     Excited and ready for action, Sonic shouted, "Mondo cool!  Let's do some damage!"  

     "Now hold on, Sonic," Sally replied and then turned to Rotor. "Rotor, this sounds 
awfully dangerous.  How much time would you actually have to get out once you close the 
valve?"  

     Hesitant upon answering, Rotor finally said, "According to my calculations.... about 
five minutes, give or take a few seconds."  

     Astonished, Sally cried,  "5 minutes???  It could take that long just to get out of 
the building.  What if you ran into SWATbots?  Sonic could easily make it with his speed, 
but even he can't be in two places at one time.  One plant maybe, but both at once?  I just
can't allow it, Rotor. Someone could get hurt, or worse."  

     "Sally girl's right, sugah," Bunnie said. "It's much too dangerous and ah couldn't 
stand to see you get hurt."  

     Discouraged upon hearing this, Rotor replied, "But I know I can make it, I've gone 
over the plan a dozen times in my head.  Our scouting reports even indicate that security 
is lax in the areas I plan to be in.  Robotnik's concentrated his forces more around the 
generators and transformers so he probably hasn't foreseen such a hit coming.  I can make 
it out of the building in two minutes, leaving me enough time to get away and take cover."  
     
     Sally just shook her head. "I'm sorry, Rotor."  

     He then turned to Sonic and thought for sure that he would jump in and support his 
theory, seeing as how he was always so gung-ho and ready to spring into action.  Not 
responding, Sonic just stood there uneasily with an expression as if to say that maybe 
Sally and Bunnie were right.  Frustrated and angry, Rotor stormed out muttering that 
everyone was against him.  

     "Rotor, wait!" Bunnie shouted, getting ready to follow him until she felt a hand upon 
her shoulder.  

     "No, Bunnie, let him go," Sally said.  "He just needs a little time."  

     "To blow off some steam?" Sonic said jokingly, only to receive an icy glare from both 
Bunnie and Sally.  
 
     "Okay, okay, I'm sorry," Sonic quickly retorted.  "I'll go after him and see that he's
all right."  

     As he sped off, Sally and Bunnie just looked at each other with great concern.  "Watch
over mah love, sugah hog," Bunnie softly said.
     
     Back at his workshop about an hour later, Rotor was frantically completing 
construction of another device, an exact duplicate of the other.  He threw both of them 
into his backpack which was laying on his bed, and then, he just plopped down onto his 
stool near the workbench in frustration, for he knew he couldn't do this alone.  

     "Mind if I come in?" he heard a lone voice say at his door.  "You left in kind of a 
hurry back there, bud," Sonic said. Then noticing the backpack, "You weren't planning on 
leaving your best bud out of all the fun and festivities were you?  I was kind of  hoping 
for a front row seat to all the fireworks."  

     Surprised at his innuendo, Rotor replied, "You mean you'll help me?  But what about 
what Sally said, I thought you....." 

     Sonic interjected, "Hey, Sal always worries a lot. That's her job.  If I would have 
said something back there, she would have been all over my case, so I kept my mouth shut.  
I'd never have any fun kicking Robotnik’s butt if I listened to Sal every time she told me 
something was too dangerous."  

     Rotor smiled. "Thanks, Sonic, thanks for believing in me."  

     "No prob", Sonic added, "You just gotta promise me something.  Once we're in, if for 
any reason you feel you might not make it out in time, you call it off and jet back to 
Knothole, you got me?"  

     "Agreed," Rotor replied.  

     Sonic went over to Rotor's backpack and pulled out one of the devices and looked at 
it. "So this little baby's gonna take the juice out of old chrome dome's domain, eh?  Well 
then, let's do it to..... say, what's this?"  Sonic asked, noticing a script that was 
sticking out of Rotor's backpack.  "West Side Story?  What's that, a code name for this 
project?"  

     Rotor just smiled, "I guess you could say that, but when we're through there won't be 
much of an East side or West side left in Robotropolis to tell many stories about."  

     Sonic still seemed a bit puzzled.  

    "Come on, I'll explain on the way," Rotor said.

     "So let me get this straight," Sonic said, as he and Rotor came upon the border of 
Robotropolis, "I play the part of Riff, gang leader of the Jets, and you want Knuckles to 
be the rival gang leader, Bernardo, of the Sharks?  Way cool, it just doesn't get any 
better than this.  First I'm gonna get to kick Robotnik’s butt, then I'm gonna get to kick 
some Echidna a...."  

     "Ah, I'm afraid that's not quite how the story goes, Sonic," Rotor interrupted.  "You 
see, at the end of Act 1, Bernardo, um, how can I put this?  He kills Riff, he stabs him 
with a knife."  

     Sonic stopped dead in his tracks, "Whoa, hold it, major uncool.  I don't so much mind 
dying at the end of the scene, after all, it's only a play.  But to give that Echidna the 
chance to..... I wouldn't give him the satisfaction."  

     "Oh, but it's okay," Rotor added. "You see, immediately afterwards, Riff's best 
friend, Tony, who's also Maria's love interest,  kills Bernardo.  So you won't die in vain,
your death is avenged."  

	Sonic, still sounding a bit uncertain mumbled, "Well, I don't know.  Couldn't he at 
least die first?"  

     Rotor shook his head. 

     "Hmmm, I'll have to think about it.  Who's Tony going to be anyway?  You?"  

     Rotor was astonished at that suggestion, "Oh no, no.  I don't think I could, I mean, 
you're forgetting, this is a love story, a modern day Romeo and Juliet if you will, with 
Bunnie playing Juliet.  I could never be a Romeo to her."  

     "I knew it, you are in love with her aren't you?" Sonic asked inquisitively.  "I've 
seen the way you get when you're around her.  That's why you stormed out of Sal's hut the 
way you did.  You felt that she embarrassed you in front of Bunnie when she shot down your 
idea."  

     "What?" Rotor shockingly replied, "That's ridiculo.... oh, who am I kidding, you're 
right.  Every time I'm around her I just get all a-twitter inside.  I just don't know if 
I'm ready to tell her yet how I feel Sonic.  And I don't want her to find out this way, 
through the play, by having me flub my lines during the love scene.  I'm afraid I'll just 
upset her if she finds out.  No, I think it's best to wait and let Antoine play the role."  

     "ANT?" Sonic cried. "Are you nuts?  You can't let him kiss Bunnie, even if it is just
 acting."  

     "What else can I do?" Rotor shot back.  "Maybe they were meant to be together anyway, 
who's to say?  In any case I, can't play the role. I have to direct anyway, so I'll be busy
enough as it is."  

     Trying to cheer him up, Sonic put his arm around him and said, "Hey, if it'll make you
feel any better, I'll play the part of Riff, even if it means letting Knuckles.... you 
know."  

     Smiling and feeling a bit better, Rotor asked, "Say, do you think Knuckles will even 
agree to be in the show?"  

     "Oh, I can pretty much guarantee it," Sonic said reassuringly. "Just mention my name 
and death scene in the same sentence and he'll be begging you for the part." 
     
     On a small side street in Robotropolis, Sonic and Rotor both checked their watches and
 went over a few last minute details.  "Well, this is where we split up," Rotor said, "You 
remember what I told you now?  Just plug the unit in the port I showed you on the diagram, 
go over to the steam valve and turn it clockwise until the pressure gauge to the left of it
reads..."  

     "700psi, I know, I know," Sonic added. "Don't worry about me, I know what I have to 
do.  You just make sure you give yourself enough time to get out.  You know, when I finish 
I can still jet on over to where you are and help get you out faster."  

     "No, Sonic," Rotor sternly said. "You wouldn't make it in time.  Just stick to the 
plan and meet back at the edge of the forest.  Good luck."  Rotor started to depart, but 
then stopped and turned back toward Sonic.  "Sonic, in case something should happen, tell 
Bunnie....."  

     "I know," Sonic replied. "But I think you should tell her yourself once we get back.  
Good luck, ol' buddy."  

     Early that evening, Bunnie came running into Sally's hut. "He's gone, Sally!"  

     "Calm down, Bunnie," said Sally. "Who's gone?"  

     "Rotor!  And Sonic too!  Ah went to check on him but he wasn't in his hut, so then ah 
went over to see if he was with Sonic, but he was gone too!" cried Bunnie.  

     "Well, maybe they're just down by the ring pool, or maybe..." 

     Before Sally could finish, Bunnie added, "It's gone too, Sally girl."  

     "What is?" asked Sally. 

     "The device," Bunnie said. "I couldn't find it anywhere in Rotor's workshop, and both 
their backpacks are missing too.  You don't suppose they actually...."  Bunnie's comments 
were cut short by a small tremor that was felt all throughout Knothole.  "What the hoo ha 
was that, an earthquake?"  Bunnie wondered.  

     "No, Bunnie, I'm afraid that 'earthquake' just confirmed both our suspicions," Sally 
concluded. "We haven't a moment to lose.  I'll grab a few supplies while you go get Dulcy.  
Bunnie raced out of the hut as fast as she had entered while Sally went to the supply room 
to get a first aid kit.  "Just hope we won't be needing this," Sally thought.
     
     At the edge of the forest, Sonic was pacing frantically back and forth wondering where
 Rotor was and if he had made it out safely.  Just as he was about to head back into the 
city to look for him, he spied Dulcy in the sky who was carrying Bunnie and Sally.  As 
Dulcy landed, Sally hopped off and ran over to Sonic. "What happened, Sonic?  Where's 
Rotor?"

     "I don't know. He should have been back by now," Sonic said. "It's been fifteen 
minutes since the explosion.  I was just about to go back and look for him."  

     They then heard Bunnie cry out, "You two go back to the village, I'm gonna go after 
him.  Let's go, Dulcy!"  She then flew off on the great dragon leaving Sonic and Sally 
standing there pondering what had gone wrong. 

     "Oh, Sonic," Sally sadly said shaking her head. "How could you let this happen?  He 
doesn't have your speed, you knew he could get hurt."

     Sonic held Sally, comforting her. "No, he doesn't have speed, but he does have brains,
 Sal, and I just know that he used them to find a safe place to hide.  He's too smart 
to....." Sonic had trouble finding the right words and then looked Sally in the eyes.  The
tears were there, for he now had them too.  "He's just got to be all right Sal, he's just 
gotta."  They then both held each other tight, crying, and Sonic kept saying softly over 
and over, "I'm sorry, Sal, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry."  
     
     Dulcy and Bunnie continued to circle the rubble in the now darkened city where the 
power plant once stood.  "Get in closer, Dulcy, it's hard enough to see without any light. 
Wait a minute, come around again, ah thought ah saw something.  There, you see that tiny 
red light?  Let's go down."  When Dulcy landed, Bunnie carefully made her way over to the 
only visible light in the entire city.  As she got closer, she began to make out the shape 
of the device where the red glow was coming from.  It was Nicole's power LED indicator. It
was still working, but the rest of her wasn't functioning properly as Bunnie tried to 
divulge some information from her.  "Nicole, show me... Nicole!"  She tried hitting it on 
the side but to no avail.  

     Using her robotic arm, she began to remove some of the larger debris out of the way, 
searching in the area where she had found Nicole.  Suddenly, she saw an arm, and then 
another.  They were sticking out of a large concrete pipe about  three feet in diameter and
eight feet long, the type used in sewers, only this and several others like it in the area 
had not yet been installed.  She pulled him out of the pipe and was relieved to see that 
aside from a few bruises and burns, his body was in fairly good shape.  However, there was 
a very large bump on his forehead.  She pulled the first aid kit out of her backpack and 
started to tend to his wounds.  She tried in vain several times to revive him, but he 
didn't seem to be responding.  "Rotor, Rotor, sweetie, It's me, Bunnie.  Time to wake up, 
sugah."  She tried to fight back her tears. "Please, wake up.  Please."  

     She sat quiet and motionless next to him for a few minutes, still in disbelief.  Then,
 she heard a faint whisper coming from him.  "Son.....ic,    Son..... ic,  tell     
Bun.... nie."  

     "I'm here, sweetie," Bunnie said excitedly. "Tell me what?"  

     He struggled to get his words out. "Tell     Bun..... nie   that     I,       I,      
lo........."  He then lost consciousness.  

     Bunnie became hysterical. "ROTOR!  ROTOR???  Don't you go leaving me!  Rotor!"  She 
finally broke down and cried, her face buried in her hands.  After a few minutes, she 
slowly lifted her head, looked over at him and took his hand in hers and held on tightly.  
"You know," she said more calmly now, "We're just not ready to let you go yet (sniff).  
There are still lots of things back home that need your attention.  Nicole for one.  Ah 
don't know how Sally girl could ever get along without her.  And how about the musical?  
You were so looking forward to that.  You even made me your leading lady.  Lil' ol' me.  
So you just can't go givin' up on us now.  We need you...........  Ah need you."  
Recalling one of the songs from the show, Bunnie began to softly sing a portion of  
'Somewhere' to him while still clutching his hand.

"There's a place for us.
A time and place for us.
Hold my hand and we're halfway there.
Hold my hand and I'll take you there.
Somehow,
Someday,
Somewhere 
We'll find a new way of living.
We'll find a way of forgiving.
Somewhere."

     Wiping the tears from her eyes, she stood up, picked up his body and carried him over 
to Dulcy, carefully placing him on top of her.  "Back to Knothole as fast as your little 
ol' wings can carry us, Dulcy." 

     "And zen, zee mean old witch said to zee prince, 'You will never see zee princess 
again’," Antoine said as best he could, using a poorly sounding witch accent.  

    "Antoine," Tails said, as he began to sit up in his bed, "I'm sorry, but it's just not 
the same.  Aunt Sally does a much meaner sounding witch voice.  Where is she anyway? She 
usually tucks me in at night.  I went looking for her and Sonic after that earthquake but I
haven't seen them, Aunt Bunnie, or Rotor all evening."  

     Antoine was now  wondering about that himself as he tried to give Tails a reasonable 
explanation. "I am sure zey are probably just out for zee stroll on zis beautiful night.  
And zee earthquake was just zee tiny one, zay can happen occasionally.  Now please, try and
be getting some sleep.  Good night."  Antoine finished tucking Tails in, turned out the 
light and headed over to Sally's hut to see if she or any of the others had returned.  

     When he got there, he was greeted by Sonic who appeared rather melancholy.  Sally, who
 was seated by her window, appeared to be the same way, and she kept looking out from time 
to time.  "My Princess, what has happened?  When you did not come by to tuck Tails in or to
read him zee story he began to worry and so did I.  He wanted to ask you about zee 
earthquake we had earlier.  My Princess?"  Sally turned her head away from Antoine upon the
mention of this, for she did not want him to see her in this present condition.  

     Sonic immediately took Antoine aside and quietly explained, so Sally could not hear.  
"Listen, Ant, that was no earthquake.  Rotor and I just destroyed Robotnik's main and 
back-up power plants."  

   "Well zat ees zee good news, no?" Antoine asked.  

   "No, Antoine," Sonic replied. "I mean, it would be good if Rotor...."  

     Antoine began to understand, "You mean he ees..."  

     "I don't know, Antoine," Sonic said. "We don't even know where he is.  Bunnie is out 
with Dulcy looking for him right now."  

     "I am so sorry, Sonic.  Ees zer anysing I can be doing?" Antoine asked.  

     "No, well, actually, you could ask Dr. Quack to be standing by in the medical center.
And keep an eye out for Dulcy. I want to know the second they get here," Sonic replied.  

    "You can be counting on me, Sonic," Antoine said.  "Oh, and Sonic?  Watch over zee 
Princess."  

     Sonic closed his eyes, bit his lower lip trying to keep it together, then nodded. "I 
will.  Thanks, Antoine." 

     As Antoine left, Sonic came up behind Sally seated in her chair and placed his hands 
upon her shoulders as they both continued to watch the sky, and pray.
     
     "Zey are here!" Antoine could be heard shouting.  Sonic and Sally immediately raced 
outside to where Dulcy was and saw Bunnie standing there holding Rotor's limp body in her 
arms.  They all helped to carry him over to the medical center where Dr. Quack was ready to
receive his patient.  They placed him on a gurney where he was, then rushed into the 
emergency room, leaving Sonic, Sally, Bunnie and Antoine standing out in the waiting room, 
which was all they could do now.  
     
     Three hours later, Dr. Quack entered the waiting room where the four were seated.  
They looked up at him intrepidly, and hoped the news would be good.  "Well, from what 
Antoine has told me earlier," the doctor began, "your friend is very lucky to be alive."  
They all began to breathe a sigh of relief.  "However," he continued, "while the majority 
of his body was spared from the blast, aside from a few burns and bruises, he sustained a 
rather large blow to the frontal lobe region of his skull.  He is breathing on his own, so 
that's a good sign.  But the EEG results show that he is suffering from a mild concussion. 
I've given him some phenobarbital, an anti-seizure medication,  to help counteract any 
seizure activity.  As of yet, he has not regained consciousness. He may awaken in an hour, 
tomorrow, it's hard to say.  There is also the probability, I'm sorry to say, that, he may 
slip into a coma.  There's nothing more I can do for him now.  All we can do is wait.  I'm 
sorry."  

     "Doctor?" Sally asked rising from her chair. "May we see him now?"  

     "Of course, Princess, right this way," the Doctor replied, as he led them into a 
private room where Rotor was laying on a hospital bed with a tube coming out of his left 
arm connected to an IV, and wires coming from his chest connected to a heart monitor.  
"Princess," the doctor said, "I wouldn't advise waiting around too long. It wouldn't do him
or yourselves any good.  It's two o'clock in the morning, you must all be very tired.  I 
suggest you all go home after awhile and get some sleep.  I'll let you know the moment 
there is any change.  You'll be the first to know, Princess, I promise."  

     "Thank you, doctor," Sally replied, as he then left the room.  Sonic and Sally stood on
 the right side of his bed, while Bunnie and Antoine remained at the foot of it.

     Sonic then moved in closer, got down on one knee beside the bed, took Rotor's right 
hand and, trying to sound cheerful said, "Hey buddy, it's me, Sonic.  We really did some 
major damage back there, didn't we?  Robuttnik will be in the dark for months, just like 
you said."  His tone began to change. "Remember what you said before we started?  You 
promised me that you would call it off if you thought that you might not make it out in 
time.  Now I know you're not the kind of guy who goes around breaking promises.  You've 
never broken one to me yet, so I don't expect you to start now.  So just promise me one 
more thing," Sonic's voice began to tremble. "Promise me you'll be all right.  Promise me 
you won't..... die.  Okay, buddy?  Okay?" Sonic dropped his head into his arms alongside 
the bed and began to sob uncontrollably.  The others had never seen Sonic like this before,
for he had always been the strong and supportive one in times of crisis, and never let his 
emotions get in the way.  Yet here was the emotional side to him that few had ever known.  
But he didn't care. His best friend was close to dying and it just didn't matter if anyone 
saw him like this.  It didn't matter to the others either, for at that moment they all felt
exactly the same way about their dearest friend.  

     Sally then laid her hand upon Sonic's shoulder and softly spoke, "It's okay, it'll be 
all right.  Come on."  As he slowly got up, Sally moved in closer and tenderly gave Rotor a
kiss on the forehead.  She then put her arm around Sonic and began to escort him out of the
room.  At the door, she turned to Antoine. "See that Bunnie gets home safely."  

     "Oui, my Princess," replied a very dispirited Antoine.  

     Bunnie now moved in closer to Rotor and pulled up a chair beside him.  "I'm going to 
stay here with him Antoine until he wakes up, ah just have to," said Bunnie.  

     "But zee doctor said he could be like zis for awhile, and zee Princess said I 
should..."  

     "They don't understand!" she cried. "You don't understand, no one does.  Antoine..... 
ah love him."  

     Antoine moved closer to her. "I am not knowing zis."  

     "No one does," she said, "although I'm sure Sally suspects it, but you're the first 
one I've told.  He doesn't even know," she said sounding all choked up as she looked over 
at Rotor.  

     Antoine hugged her. " I am understanding now," he said. "If you love him, zen you must
be staying here wis him."  

     "Oh thank you, Antoine, thank you for understanding," she said, hugging him back.  

     Antoine then turned to Rotor, stood at attention, and saluted. "I salute you, my brave
soldier.  Your courage and heroic deeds will not be forgotten."  He then turned and left in
a proper military fashion.  Bunnie was amazed at what she witnessed, for here again she saw
the side of someone she had never known before.  As she sat down in the chair, she began to
wonder why it was that tragic events always seem to bring out the best in people.  She then
reached over, held his hand and eventually, she cried herself to sleep.
     
     "You think you'll be all right, Sonic?" Sally asked, as the two arrived at the front 
door of Sonic's hut.  

     "Yeah, I think so.  Sorry you had to see me like that back there, Sal. I mean, I've 
never felt that way before.  I've grieved over the deaths of other Freedom Fighters, but 
never like this."  

     Extending her arms out and placing them on his shoulders, Sally consoled him. "Sonic, 
you have nothing to apologize for.  That was a perfectly normal reaction, everyone has 
their own way of dealing with grief, this was yours.  It's much better that you let your 
feelings be known rather than try to keep them all bottled up inside.  I know, I've seen 
the deaths of far too many Freedom Fighters, and yet, it's always harder when it happens to
someone close to us."  

     "That's for sure," he replied. "But you know, I still can't help but feel that I could
have done something to have prevented this.  If only I would have gone back, I could have 
made it in time and gotten him out.  If only I had never agreed to go along with him in the
first place." He paused for a second. "If only I had listened to you."  

     "Sonic, you can't go blaming yourself," she contended. "He's a mature individual and 
he would have found a way with or without you.  He did what he felt he had to do.  Sonic, 
look at me." She looked him firmly in the eyes.  "This was not your fault!  He made the 
decision to go ahead.  He was just being stubborn I guess, like someone else I know."  

     Sonic smiled. "Who me?  Why I don't know what you're talking about.  Ahh, Sal, you 
always seem to know the right thing to say to cheer a guy up.  I guess that's just one of 
the many reasons that I lo...." He stopped himself and thought for a second.  "I just 
realized something, I may have to tell Bunnie."  

     "Tell Bunnie what?" asked a confused Sally.  

     "Rotor's last words to me.  He told me that if anything should happen to him, that I 
should let Bunnie know that he loves her.  He never told her how he really feels, he always
thought it was the wrong time.  And now, he may never get the chance."  

     "Oh, Sonic," she said sympathetically.  

     "Well, I'm not going to let that happen to me and wait until it's too late," he said 
forcefully.  "Come here." He pulled Sally into a passionate embrace and kissed her for 
several seconds then broke away and looked her straight in the eyes. "I love you so much, 
Sally Acorn, and I want all of Mobius to know it.  I'm only sorry I didn't tell you 
sooner."  

     Tears of joy had now filled her eyes.  "Oh, Sonic, how I've longed to hear those words
from you.  At last I know that you feel the same way as I do about you.  I love you too, 
Sonic Hedgehog."  They resumed their embrace and kissed more vehemently than before.

     "Bunnie, time to be waking up," Antoine softly said as he gently nudged her on the 
shoulder.  "I have brought you your breakfast."  

     Slowly opening her eyes, she then yawned and began to stretch her arms.  "Mornin', 
sweetie.  Oh, Antoine, you didn't have to bring me breakfast," she said, as Antoine placed 
a tray in front of her.  "You're such a dear, thank you, sugah."  

     "It is the least I can be doing.  Were you able to be getting much sleep?" he asked.  

     "Actually, ah slept like a baby.  A crying baby, anyway," she mumbled under her 
breath.  "Ah guess ah was pretty worn out from everything that went on yesterday."  

     Antoine then turned to Rotor.  "I am taking it zat zere has been no change?"  

     "Fraid' not, sugah," she sadly replied.  

     "Well, just be keeping in mind zat he had quite zee busy day yesterday," he said 
optimistically. "And zat he ees probably more worn out zan you.  He just needs a bit more 
of zee rest."  

     "Oh, Antoine," she happily said, "you've certainly made these past few hours much 
less painful for me. Thank you, sugah, you're a true gentleman."  

     "Please, do not be mentioning it," he said modestly.  "Now please, try and be eating 
something.  You wouldn't want zee French omelette to be getting cold."  After he left, she 
began eating and found that her appetite had returned thanks in part to Antoine's words of 
encouragement.  And that wasn't the only thing. Her smile had returned too.
     
     As Sonic emerged from his hut, he noticed Antoine approaching.  "Ah, good morning, 
Sonic.  I was just stopping by to be seeing how you are doing."  

     "Morning, Ant," he replied. "I feel much better today, thanks."  

     "Okay, Sonic, I'm ready to.... oh, good morning, Antoine," said Sally emerging from 
the hut.  

     "Good morning, my Prin.....  Princess?" said a perplexed Antoine doing a double take.  

     "Something the matter, Antoine?" she asked.  

     "No, no, nosing's zee matter, except zat, I did not expect to be finding you here," he
 nervously said.  "We just finished having breakfast and were on our way to the medical 
center.  Did you want to come with us?" she asked.  

     "Breakfast?" he said sounding relieved. "Oh, breakfast, of course, how silly of me.  
Forgive me, I thought zat....... never mind."  

     Sonic and Sally just looked at each other curiously.  

     "I have just been coming from zee medical center," he proceeded, now more composed.  
"Zere is no change I am afraid, but Bunnie is zere wis him. I just brought her some 
breakfast."  

     "Breakfast?  Do you mean that she was there all night?" Sally inquired.  

     Antoine nodded.  

     "I thought I told you to take her home last night."  
  
     "Oui, my Princess, but she would not leave," he insisted.  "I had zee talk wis her and
I am understanding why.  I sink you should be asking her yourself, my Princess."  

     "Sal," Sonic interjected. "I think I know."  

     "So do I," Sally said. "Never mind, Antoine."  

     "Also," Antoine said, "I am wanting to be reminding you zat Tails still ees not 
knowing what has happened.  I am sinking zat maybe it would be better if you were to be 
telling him."  

     "Oh my gosh, Sonic!" Sally said horrified. "In all that's happened, we've completely 
forgotten about Tails.  Oh, I feel terrible."  

     "Not to be worrying, my Princess," Antoine added, "I am checking in on him zees 
morning and am making sure zat he has been having his breakfast."  

    "Oh thank goodness," said a relieved sounding Sally. "Thank you, Antoine, that was 
very thoughtful of you.  I guess we'd better check in on him now, Sonic, and let him know 
what's happened.  He's gonna have to find out sooner or later.  Listen, we'll see you 
later, Antoine, thanks again." She quickly hurried off with Sonic as they headed over to 
Tails’ hut.  

     When they arrived, Sonic knocked once then stuck his head in the door.  "Tails?  You 
in here, bro?"  

     "Sonic!  Aunt Sally!" said Tails enthusiastically as he ran up to hug Sonic and Sally.
"Where have you guys been?  I was looking all over for you yesterday.  We had this really 
cool earthquake, but I wasn't afraid, and I'll bet you weren't either, huh, Sonic?"

     Sonic and Sally turned to each other, then Sally quietly said to Sonic, "I'd better 
wait outside." 

     She then left and Sonic turned to Tails.  "Um, listen, Tails, about that 
earthquake....."  

     A few moments later, as she stood next to the door, Sally could hear sobbing inside.  
Sonic then came out, closing the door behind him.  "He took it pretty hard," Sonic said, 
then, put a hand on Sally's shoulder, holding her back when she motioned toward the door to
go back in.  "You'd better not," he said wistfully, "He um, doesn't want you to see him 
like this.  Sound familiar, huh?"  

     "It's okay," she said, "I understand."  

     "Don't worry, Sal," he added. "He'll be all right, he's a tough little guy.  Besides, 
I gave him some good advice.  I told him what some wise soul once told me, that you 
shouldn't keep your feelings all bottled up inside.  Now if only I could remember who it 
was that told me," he said rather slyly.  Sally then leaned over and kissed him on the 
cheek.  "Wait a minute, it's coming back to me, I'm starting to remember."  She kissed him 
again, then he turned to her.  "Ahh, there you are, oh wise one," he said, wide-eyed and 
with a big smirk on his face.  Sally had to laugh, "Come on, forgetful one, let's go."
     
     To help pass the time, Bunnie pulled out the script from Rotor's backpack, which she 
had noticed earlier, and began reading it.  She found herself captivated with the tragic 
tale of two young lovers kept apart by the rivalry of two street gangs.  At several points 
in the story, she began reading aloud the lines of Maria, the part he had intended for her.
Curious, she jumped ahead to the last two pages and read the ending and became very 
choked-up discovering that Tony had been shot and Maria was now cradling him in her arms 
and then started singing the song 'Somewhere' along with him until he was no longer able to
and was finally dead.  The correlation between that scene and the events of yesterday was 
too much for Bunnie.  It was almost as if she was reliving the past day's experience.  But 
she managed to keep her composure.  "Come on, Bunnie girl, let's try and keep it together,"
she told herself.  "I've got to be strong, for the both of us."  She then turned to Rotor. 
"You sure know how to pick em', don't yah, sugah?" she said, as she held the script up to 
him.  "That was quite a rehearsal yesterday," she tried rationalizing. "If we can do that 
on opening night, we'll really knock em....."  She couldn't bring herself to say the word.
Any reference to death was naturally painful for her right now.  Once again, she pulled 
herself together and continued on reading from where she initially left off.  

     Sonic and Sally then arrived, but stopped along the outside of the room as they heard 
Bunnie's voice coming from within.  "'I'm not one of them,' he says.  Then ah say, 'You 
are, but to me, you are not.  Just as ah am one of them.'  Then Tony says, 'To me, you are 
all the...’"  She stopped as she saw Sonic and Sally slowly entering the room, then greeted 
them.  "Oh, how y'all doing?  Ah was just rehearsing with Rotor, gotta memorize these lines
you know."  

     "Yes, we can see that", Sally replied. "Bunnie," she said sounding rather concerned, 
"Don't you think that it's time that you went home?  Antoine tells us that you stayed here 
all night, and I understand why.  But, it's just that, we're worried about you, and, it's 
not going to do you or him any good by staying here.  You'll only make yourself sick, and 
we certainly don't want that."  

     "Oh, Sally girl," Bunnie said ruefully, getting up from her chair and hugging Sally, 
"All this waiting is killing me, but I'm afraid to leave him.  What if he needs me?  Ah 
need to stay and care for him."  

	"Oh, Bunnie," Sally said supportively, "You've more than proven that you care for 
him.  Now it's time for you  to start taking care of yourself."  

     "Ah guess you're right, Sally girl," Bunnie replied. "But just you make sure and tell 
me the minute there's any change."  

     Before Sally could respond, Antoine entered carrying a bouquet of flowers in a vase.  
"Oh, Antoine," Bunnie said delightedly, "you brought flowers; how sweet."  

     "Oui," he replied. "I sought zat zee flowers might help to brighten zee room."  

     "Man, Ant," said an astonished Sonic, "you really overwhelm me sometimes.  You've been
 really great these past couple of hours, the way you've helped out and offered your 
support to everyone.  And that goes for Sal and Bunnie too.  It's good to know that we're 
able to come together as one and help to support each other in times of crisis."  

     Forming a circle and facing each other, they all placed their arms around each other 
and stood proud as one entity.  "You know something, gang," Sonic said with great pride, 
"It's times like this that make me proud to be a Freedom Fighter."  The others all 
concurred. Then Sonic added, "I think we owe it to Rotor to carry out one of his last 
requests, something that he didn't want for himself, rather, he wanted to do this for the 
enjoyment of others.  Therefore, I say we put on the show just as he had planned."  

      "Can I direct?" a lone voice was quietly heard saying.  

     "Sure, I guess so, Antoine," Sonic replied.  

     "But, eh, Sonic," Antoine said rather puzzled, "I am not saying anysing."  Stunned, 
all eyes then slowly turned toward Rotor, who didn't appear to have made any movements.  

     "Come on, I promise I won't blow up the stage," Rotor said cracking a smile, then 
slowly opening his eyes.  

     "ROTOR!" they all happily shouted, then quickly ran toward his bedside and smothered 
him as they all hugged him at once.  

     "Okay, okay, I love you guys too."  

     "Oh, Rotor," Bunnie tearfully said, "We were so worried about you.  We thought we 
might never see you again.  Ah don't know what ah would have..... oh, come here."  She 
leaned over, put her arms around his neck and kissed him.  "Don't you ever go doing 
something that foolish again, ya hear?"  All he could do was nod as he stared back at her, 
wide-eyed and in shock, with his mouth hanging open.  

     He closed it when he saw Sally staring at him kind of seriously with her arms folded. 
"Um, listen, Princess," he said apologetically, "I'm sorry that I disobeyed you yesterday, 
and that I caused everyone to worry unnecessarily."  

     She just stood there and thought for a moment, then turned to Antoine, "Antoine, what 
is the punishment for disobeying a royal order?"  

     "Pu... punishment, my Princess?" he asked in bewilderment.  

     "Hey, c'mon, lighten up, Sal," said a rather stunned Sonic.  

     "Be quiet, Sonic!" Sally shot back, then turned to Rotor.  "Hmmm, well, for disobeying
me, you leave me no choice but to sentence you to..... produce and direct a musical 
production of 'West Side Story' for the enjoyment of everyone in Knothole."  

     Everyone then all breathed a sigh of relief.  "Oh man, Sal," an alleviated Sonic said,
"You really had us there for a minute."  

     "Thank you, Princess," Rotor said gratefully.  

     Sally leaned closer in to him, "No, thank you.  You've done Knothole, and perhaps even
all of Mobius for that matter, a great service." She then kissed him on the forehead. 
"Thank you."  

     "All right, way to go, big guy," an enthused Sonic said. "You're a hero."  

     "No, Sonic," Rotor digressed. "I'm no hero, I put myself, and you for that matter, in 
danger and caused my friends a lot of unnecessary pain and grief."  

     "I am begging to differ," Antoine countered. "By doing what you have done, you have 
suspended zee war for awhile, zereby preventing zee premature deaths of our brave soldiers.
You have risked your life to save zee lives of others, and in my book, zat makes you zee 
hero."  The others all applauded, agreeing whole-heartedly with his statement.  

     "Thank you, Antoine," Rotor said appreciatively.  Suddenly, a sad little figure, his 
head hanging down, began to enter the room.  "What's the matter, kiddo?" Rotor asked. "You 
look as though you've lost one of your best friends."  

     Tails' head suddenly shot up, and his eyes lit up.  He quickly ran over, jumped up on 
his bed and hugged him.  "Rotor, you're all right!" he said excitedly.  

     "I told you that he would be, little bro," Sonic said. "He's no quitter.  He's just as
tough as I am, even braver."  

     Rotor smiled looking over at Sonic.  "Hey, what are all these wires for?" Tails 
inquired, looking at the heart monitor wires protruding from Rotor's chest.  Rotor 
pretended to look shocked as he began to feel the wires in his hands.  

     "Oh no!" he shouted.  "I've been roboticized!  Quick Tails, unplug me."  Tails, 
realizing that he was only jesting, went along with the gag and ripped the wires from his 
chest.  The heart monitor immediately went flatline causing it to emit a high pitched 
squeal.  "Ready, Tails?" Rotor asked. "Watch this.  Four..... Three.... Two..... One."  
Dr. Quack came running in, right on cue.  Sonic, Rotor, Tails and Antoine burst out 
laughing while Sally and Bunnie just looked at each other and shook their heads at such a 
boyish prank.  

     "I hate when patients do that," a mildly annoyed Dr. Quack said.  He then walked over 
to Rotor with his stethoscope in hand.  "Well, I'm glad to see that you've returned to us.
Your sense of humor certainly has," he said smiling,  then began to check his heartbeat.  

     "When do you think that he'll be able to go home?" Sally inquired.  

    "Oh, two or three more days, Princess.  I just want to keep him under observation and 
run a few more tests.  But basically, he'll be back to his old self in no time."  

     "Thank you, Doctor," Sally replied as he left the room.  

     Sonic then went over to Rotor and began to whisper so as the others would not hear.  
"I didn't tell Bunnie... you know.  So now's your chance."  

     "I know, Sonic," Rotor quietly said, "but....." 

     Sonic quickly added, "Hey, we don't get many second chances in life, but you've just 
been given one."  

     "You're right," he replied, "But I'm still not quite sure how to go about it."  

     "Leave that to the Hedgehog," he shrewdly said.  

     Sonic walked over to Bunnie and whispered something in her ear, then she came over to 
Rotor. "Hey, sugah.  Um, remember that kiss ah gave you earlier?" she asked.  Rotor nodded.
"Could you give it back to me now?"  

     Rotor was  flabbergasted, then glanced over at Sonic who was giving him a big thumbs 
up.  Looking back at her he said, "Oh, well, if that's the way you feel about it."  Rotor 
placed his arms around Bunnie and passionately kissed her.  Then, looking her straight in 
the eyes, he finally told her, "I love you, Bunnie."  

     "Oh, Rotor," she joyfully said, "Ah love you too."  As they resumed their embrace, 
Sally looked at Sonic who had a big contented smile on his face.  

     "Sonic?" Sally asked, "Did you tell Bunnie to....."  He just nodded.  "Well, aren't 
you the little matchmaker."  She kissed him on the cheek then walked toward the door.  
"Come on, I think they'd like to be alone.... and frankly, so would I.  That is of course, 
unless you'd like to keep me company," she sensually said as she left the room.  Sonic's 
mouth just dropped, then he turned to Rotor and Bunnie and saw that they were still 
preoccupied.  

     Satisfied, he said to himself, "Well, my job here is done.  But now, duty calls." He 
quickly raced out the door after Sally.  Antoine then followed along with Tails, whose only
reaction to all this talk of love and affection was, "Ewww, yuck."

     The old meeting hall never looked better.  In only three short weeks it had been 
transformed into a theater.  A stage had been erected at the West end of the building and 
the seats had been rearranged with enough room for all the citizens of Knothole.  
Rehearsals were well underway and set construction had begun.  Hershey, whom Rotor had made
choreographer, was on the left hand side of the stage going over the dance routines with 
several cast members, while Rotor was on the opposite side working with Bunnie and Sally on
one of their songs, the duet 'A Boy Like That / I Have a Love'.  "Okay, hold it, Jerry." 
Rotor indicated to the piano player. "That wasn't bad, but I need you to roll your R's, 
Bunnie.  It should be 'rrright or wrrrong and he needs me too.' not 'right or wrong', so 
try and work on that.  Also, remember, you're singing about the man you love, 'I have a 
love and it's all that I have', try and sound more like you mean it."  


     "That's easy," Bunnie said. "I'll just think about you."  

     "That'll work," Rotor said, smiling pretentiously. He then turned to Sally.  "Sally, 
on the line 'stick to your own kind, one of your own kind',  I need you to put more 
emphasis on 'stick' and 'one'.  Okay, that's it for today.  I'll see you all back here 
bright and early tomorrow morning.  I still gotta work on those dance steps," he started to
say to himself, as he began to walk toward the other side of the stage where Hershey was 
waiting for him.  

     "Ah, Rotor?" Sally asked, as she and Bunnie came after him.  

     "Oh, right, Nicole. I almost forgot," Rotor said abruptly, then pulling Nicole, now 
fully functional and cleaned up, from his backpack and handing it to Sally.  "Here you go. 
Sorry I wasn't able to get her back to you sooner, but, you can see how it is around here."
  
	Sally, being caught off guard by his reply, then added, "What?  Oh, um, thanks.  But,
that's not what I was going to say.  What I was about to say was that you've had quite a 
busy day, and, you must be exhausted.  Don't you think you ought to go home now?"  

     "Well, I am a little tired, but I'm all right," Rotor said. "Oh, I'll admit that it's 
rather grueling work at times, between the directing, acting, singing, dancing and 
construction work, but, I enjoy it.  This is fun for me.  Don't worry, just one more hour 
and I'll call it quits, I promise."  

     "Okay," Sally said, "But try not to overexert yourself.  I'll see you tomorrow."  

     She began to walk off the stage as Bunnie called after her.  "You go ahead, Sally 
girl, I'll catch up in a minute." She then turned to Rotor. "Don't be too long now, sugah.  
Ah was hoping ah could come over to your place so we could go over the balcony scene." 

    "But you know that scene cold," Rotor insisted. "You don't need to rehearse that 
anymo...... ohhhh, I get it.  I suppose I could use the practice.  How does that go again?"
He reached out to put his arms around her, but avoiding his advances, she coyly backed off.  

     "Tonight," she said, looking at him then slowly walking backwards as she softly sang: 

'Tonight, tonight,
Won't be just any night,
I saw you and the world went away.
Tonight, tonight,
I'll see my love tonight.....'

     Her voice eventually faded out as she then turned to catch up with Sally.  

     "Quite a girl," Rotor heard Hershey saying as she came up to him.  

     "Mmm hmmm," he agreed, kind of in a daze. "You can say that again."  

     "Shall we get started?" she asked.  

     "Huh? Oh sure," he said, coming out of his stupor.  

     "Listen, I appreciate your staying longer to help me."  

     "No problem at all," she said. 

     "The dances in this show are pretty elaborate, but fortunately, your character's moves
 aren't as involved as those of  the Jets and the Sharks.  Speaking of which, Sonic and 
Knuckles are doing rather nicely with their routine, but I'm not at all surprised, seeing 
as how they're both very quick and nimble on their feet to begin with.  Their only 
complaint however, is the fact that they have to wear tights."  

     "Yeah, I know," Rotor replied. "I had to hear it from them too.  Telling them that 
they looked cute in them probably didn't help matters either.  It practically took an edict
from Sally to finally get them to wear them."  

     "Don't worry though," she reassured him. "You won't have to wear them.  Anyway, I can 
teach you your routine in about three days."  

     "Lucky for me too," he said. "What with all the other tasks I have to perform.  Plus, 
I've never even danced a step in my life.  Say, what do you do when you've got a couple of 
left feet like mine?"  

     "Just pick ‘em up and lay ‘em down," she advised him. "Anyway, I'm sure you'll do 
fine.  Okay, let's begin."  

     As she began to demonstrate the various steps to him, an hour soon passed and then 
another.  He seemed to be getting the hang of it, when all of a sudden, he collapsed.  
"Rotor, are you okay?" she asked as she rushed over to him.  

     "I guess I must have fainted," he said.  

     "That's a good guess," she agreed.  

     "But I guess I'm all right now," he added as he tried to get up but didn't quite make 
it, causing her to catch him in her arms.  

     "Whoop, bad guess.  You'd better sit this one out."  She helped him over to a couch 
backstage.  

     "Well, what would you suggest, doctor?" he asked.  

     "A little fresh air and conversation," she replied.  "You've had quite a busy day.  
Tired, aren't you?" she asked. 

     "Dead tired," he weakly replied.  "You hop, step and jump as many miles as I have 
today and you'd be tired too."  

     "I'll bet you haven't eaten since this morning," she presumed.  

     He nodded.  
   
     "That's what I figured."  She left for a moment and then returned with a glass of 
water and an apple she had taken from her bag.  "Here you go."  

     Just then, Bunnie entered the theater from backstage trying to find Rotor.  "Where the
hoo ha could he be?" she wondered.  She then spotted him from behind one of the curtains 
laying on the couch, and was shocked when she saw Hershey, who appeared to have her hands 
all over Rotor's body.  She ran back out the door crying, not being noticed by Rotor or 
Hershey.  Before she could reach her hut, she ran into Sonic and Sally, who were out for a 
stroll.  

     "Bunnie, what's wrong?" a concerned Sally asked.  

     "How could he do this?" Bunnie cried.  "Ah thought he liked me."  

     "Bunnie, slow down." Sally said.  "Are you talking about Rotor?  What did he do?"  

	"Ah waited at his house for half and hour, we were supposed to rehearse together.  
But he never showed up, so ah went to look for him at the theater.  That's when I saw 
them."  

     "Them?" Sonic asked.  

     "Rotor and Hershey," she replied. "He was on the couch and.... she had her hands all 
over him."  

     "Rotor?  No way," Sonic insisted.  "That doesn't sound like him.  He's crazy about 
you.  He'd never do anything to hurt you.  You must be mistaken."  

     "Ah know what ah saw, sugah," Bunnie said.  

     "Well, we're going to get to the bottom of this," Sally replied. 

     "Come on."  They all then headed to the theater.  They entered quietly through the 
back, and hid behind a curtain as they observed them.  

     "Things beginning to look any better?"  Hershey asked.  

     "A little bit," he said, as he started to get up from the couch.  

     "Come on, I'll walk you home," she replied.  "What you need is a good night's rest."  

     "Well, thanks, doctor," he said. "Your prescription was great."  

     "Okay, that's it, I've heard enough!" Sonic shouted, as he emerged from behind the 
curtain along with Bunnie and Sally.  

     "Sonic?  What are you guys doing here?" a perplexed Rotor asked.  

     "I can't believe it," Sonic said. "You, of all people, how could you do this to 
Bunnie?  Your prescription was great," he mocked.  "You make me sick!  I gotta good mind 
to....."  

     "Sonic, no!" Bunnie cried.  

     "Would someone please tell me what this is all about?" Rotor pleaded.  

     "Rotor," Sally interceded, "Bunnie says that she saw you with Hershey about ten 
minutes ago in a, umm, rather awkward position."  

     "That's right," Bunnie added, "Ah saw it with my own eyes.  She had her hands all over
you."  

     "May I say something now?" Hershey requested.  "Earlier this evening, I started
working with Rotor on his dance routine.  We must have lost track of time as the lesson 
went into two hours, at which point he passed out from exhaustion.  He had, after all, been
working here all day non-stop and hadn't eaten much.  So I helped him over to the couch and
brought him an apple and a glass of water.  He lost his grip on the glass, as he was still 
quite weak from the episode, and spilled the water on himself.  I began to dab it off of 
his coveralls, which is when you must have walked in."  She went over closer to Bunnie and 
looked her straight in the eyes.  "Bunnie, nothing happened.  You've got to believe that.  
I saw the way he looked at you earlier, like he was in another world.  Honey, he loves you.
Don't you know that by now?"  

     Bunnie turned to Rotor, now noticing the water stain on his coveralls, and ran into 
his arms.  "I'm sorry sweetie, ah didn't mean to accuse you.  Ah guess my jealousy got the 
best of me."  

     "It's okay," he said, cuddling her in his arms. "I should have come home sooner.  The 
fact that you got jealous only proves to me even more how much you must care.  I love you 
so much."  They embraced and kissed for several seconds.  Sonic, his head down, slowly 
walked over to them.  

     Looking up at Rotor and sounding rather ashamed said, "Listen buddy, I'm.... sorry 
that I jumped to conclusions.  I never should have said those things.  Can you ever forgive
me?"  

     "Forget it," Rotor said. "You thought Bunnie was being hurt.  You were only looking 
out for her best interests, and I certainly can't fault you for that.  Friends?" he said, 
extending out his right hand.  

     "Buddy!" he said enthusiastically, taking his hand and pulling him in and hugging him.  

     "Listen, there is something you can do," Rotor added.  

     "Anything, just name it," Sonic said.  

     "I'm starving," Rotor said. "I could sure go for one of those famous chili dogs of 
yours right about now."  

     "You got it," Sonic said with great delight.  "Come on, I'll whip you up a batch of my
'Super Sonic Hot'n Spicy' secret chili recipe."  

     "Sounds good to me," Rotor said. "We'll see you guys tomorrow."  

     "Hold it," they heard Sally say as they were about to leave.  "I had better not see 
you here tomorrow, Mister.  You've been overworking yourself again, so I want you to stay 
home and get plenty of rest.  Then starting the next day, you will slow down from your 
usual hectic pace and go home at a  normal hour like the rest of us.  And that, my friend, 
is an order."  

     "Yes, Princess," Rotor agreed.  

     "Uh oh," Sonic said as he turned to Rotor. "You'd better listen to her.  Remember what
 happened the last time you went against her orders.  She might make you put on a 
production of 'Camelot' after this show," he began joking.  

     "Hmm, 'Camelot' eh?" Rotor jested. "Yes, I can see it now. Sally as Queen Guenevere, 
Antoine as Lancelot and Sonic, you could be King Arthur."  

     "Cool!  Oh, and don't forget Uncle Chuck," Sonic added. "He'd make a great Merlin."  

     "Would you two get out of here?!" Sally shouted.  As the two left, still cracking 
jokes on their way out, Sally turned to Bunnie and Hershey who both had a hand over their 
mouths, trying to abstain from laughing.  

     "Um, Sally girl?" Bunnie asked, pointing to herself and Hershey, "Could we be your 
ladies-in-waiting?"  

     Sally tried to maintain her slight look of disgust.  "Suuurre," she said. "You ladies 
can wait here, while I go have my romantic fling with Lancelot."  They all then began to 
break out laughing.
     
     The following few weeks found Rotor working at a more leisurely level, and it didn't  
seem to matter to him that it meant pushing back the opening night by one week because of 
it.  It also meant more time alone with Bunnie, and he certainly had no complaints there.  
When the big night finally arrived, the citizens of Knothole began filling the theater.  
Everyone was amazed when they glanced at there programs at the veritable who's who in the 
cast, which included not only the locals of Knothole, but some from as far away as Downunda
and the Floating Island.  Some of the more recognizable names on the bill included:
                        
The Jets:
Riff (The Leader)..............................Sonic
Tony (His Friend)..............................Rotor
Action.........................................Wombat Stu
A-Rab..........................................Duck Bill
Baby John......................................Tails
Diesel.........................................Walt Wallabee
Anybodys (A Tomboy)............................Julie-Su
                       

The Sharks:
Bernardo (The Leader)..........................Knuckles
Maria (His Sister).............................Bunnie
Anita (His Girl)...............................Sally
Chino (His Friend).............................Espio
Juane..........................................Charmy
Loco...........................................Vector
Pepe...........................................Mighty
                       

The Adults:
Doc............................................Uncle Chuck
Lieutenant Schrank.............................Geoffrey St. John
Officer Krupke.................................Antoine
Glad Hand......................................Guru-Emu

     "Man," an astonished Sonic said, peaking out through the curtain at the audience, 
"Look at the size of that crowd.  Everyone in the entire village must be here for our 
performance tonight."  

     "What's the matter, Sonic," Knuckles asked. "Getting cold feet?"  

     "No, I'm not getting cold feet," Sonic shot back. "I was just making an observation, 
which reminds me, I'd better not observe you enjoying yourself too much when you kiss Sally
in that one scene."  

     "Oh, Sonic," Sally said, "I wish you'd quit harping on that.  I've told you before, 
it's just acting, you shouldn't take it personally."  

     "Yeah, Sonic," Knuckles shrewdly said. "We've rehearsed that kiss a million times, and
I never took it personally."  

     "Knuckles!" Sally said, sounding a bit irked.  

     "Hey!" Sonic shouted. "Someone had better check him to make sure that he's only got a 
prop knife on him before that final scene."  

     "All right, that's enough, you two!" a disgusted Sally said.  "Now go to your corners,
and don't come out fighting until the last scene of the first act."  They both departed to 
opposite sides of the stage of one another.  

     "Okay, places everyone," Rotor apprehensively said.  "This is it."  

     After the curtain went up and the prologue began, the first several scenes seemed to 
go along rather smoothly.  Now came the final scene, the rumble between the Jets and the 
Sharks.  As it is about to get under way, Tony hurries in and begs them to stop, as he has 
promised Maria.  Bernardo, enraged that Tony has been making advances to his sister 
(Maria), pushes him back furiously.  Suddenly, switch-blade knives appear, and Riff and 
Bernardo begin to fight.  In the ensuing action, Riff is stabbed and Tony, grabbing his 
weapon, in turn stabs Bernardo.  Frenzied, the gangs join in battle until they are 
interrupted by a police whistle.  They flee, leaving behind the bodies of Riff and 
Bernardo.  As the curtain comes down, Sonic and Knuckles get up from the stage.  "You know, 
Red," Sonic said, "I think you enjoyed that a little too much."  Knuckles, not saying a 
word, just had a big grin on his face.  

     "Hey, that was great, you guys," Rotor ecstatically said, as he came up to them. "That
sure was some fancy foot work you did during that fight. you had me and the audience 
convinced that you were sworn enemies.  What a great bit of acting."  

     Sonic and Knuckles looked at each other, and in unison said, "Who was acting?"  The 
three then broke out in laughter.  After about a twenty minute intermission, the second act
got underway and also went extremely well.  The final scene had Maria grieving over the 
body of Tony after being shot dead by Chino.  Drawn together by the tragedy through Maria, 
the two stunned gangs, the Jets and the Sharks, carry his body off.  The final curtain 
comes down and the audience is now applauding madly, most still having tears in their eyes 
from the last scene.  The curtain rises again as the cast reappears for their curtain call.
  
    One by one they re-enters the stage taking their bows, until finally Rotor and Bunnie 
come out, causing the crowd to jump up out of their seats and give them a standing ovation.
Rotor comes to the foot of the stage to accept a dozen roses, who then hands them to Bunnie
and kisses her on the cheek.  Sally then steps out of the cast line, quiets the crowd down
and says, "Thank you, thank you all so much, we really appreciate your warm reception.  As 
you all know, this production was the brain child of one individual, without whose courage 
and bravery this performance would not have been possible.  Yet, he made the impossible a 
reality for us this evening.  Of course I'm talking about Knothole's very own.... Rotor."  
The crowd began applauding again as Rotor stepped forward.  He took another bow and stood 
next to Sally.  When the crowd settled down, she continued.  "A little over two months ago,
a great lull fell over the village of Knothole and other parts of Mobius.  The attacks had 
stopped.  Roboticization had come to a halt.  Lives were spared.  People were able to go 
about their lives without fear of our enemy."  Sally signaled to Antoine who then stepped 
forward, stood at attention and extended his arms, holding a small box, which was open, in 
his hands for Sally to receive.  "So tonight, we honor him.  It wasn't just a matter of 
doing his duty, he is always looking for a way to do more.  He likes to help people.  Who 
knows how many lives were saved because of his actions."  She now turned to face Rotor.  
"Rotor, for extraordinary heroism in connection with military operations against an enemy, 
and for valor and devotion to your homeland, I am proud to present you with the Mobian 
Distinguished Service Cross." She then took the medal from Antoine and proceeded to pin it 
on Rotor, who stood very proudly.  She then kissed him on the forehead.  The crowd jumped 
to it's feet again as they cheered and applauded him.  Bunnie then came running over and 
embraced him and he lifted her off her feet and kissed her, causing the crowd to go even 
more wild.  Everyone in the cast came over to congratulate him, as the curtain went down 
for the final time.
     
     At the cast party later that evening, which was being held in the dining hall, Sally 
and Bunnie were chatting with several members of the cast and crew, while Sonic and Rotor 
were making their rounds at the buffet table for the third time.  "How can they expect 
anyone to fill up on this?" Sonic asked, as he commented on the bite-sized portions of 
food.  

     "I mean, look at the size of these hot dogs, only two inches long.  A guy could starve
to death."  

     "I guess that's why they call it finger food," Rotor surmised.  

     "Yeah?  Well I've got ten fingers, so I guess I'll need ten of these," Sonic said, as 
he scooped out ten of the hot dogs onto his plate, then repeated the process on several 
other items.  

     "You know, Rote, I'll almost be glad when Robuttnik gets his plants going again, I've 
been itching for some action."  

     "Careful what you wish for," Sally said, as she came up behind him.  

     "Hey, Sal.  Care for some of these horse-do-overs?"  Sonic asked, offering her his 
plate.  

     "Horse-do-overs?" Sally asked.  "Uh, Sonic, that's hors d'oeuvres, and, no thanks." 

     "Sally?" Rotor started to ask, "What did you mean by, be careful what you wish for?"  

     "Well, I didn't want to say anything about it before the show," Sally said, "But, our 
latest scouting report shows that the first of Robotnik's power plants will probably be 
going online in about another week or two.  And of course the SWATbot factories will be 
reopening immediately thereafter and, well, you know the rest."  

     "Yeah, I know," Rotor said.  "I suppose it had to happen sooner or later.  I guess 
that puts our next show on the back burner."  

     "Next show?" Sally inquired.  

     "Well, sure, you saw everyone's reaction to our performance, they loved it," Rotor 
exclaimed. "They were screaming for more.  So, we can't very well disappoint them now, can 
we?"  

     "But, Rotor," Sally said, "I just got through telling you, we won't have the...."  

     "Time.  I know, I know." Rotor said.  "Oh well, guess there's just one thing for it 
then."  

     "What's that?" Sonic asked.  

     "It's back to the power plant demolition business for me," Rotor said with a grin, as 
he began walking away.  Sonic and Sally just looked at each other in shock, their faces 
then quickly developed a  mischievous expression as they both nodded in agreement. 

     "GET HIM!"  They shouted, as they began chasing him around the buffet table.

                                THE END



Based on characters created by SEGA and Archie Comic Publications Inc.
West Side Story is based on a conception of Jerome Robbins.
Book by Arthur Laurentis, Music by Leonard Bernstein, Lyrics by Stephen Sondheim
Camelot is based on the novel 'The Once and Future King' by T.H. White.
Book and Lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner, Music by Frederick Lowe