First of all, Sonic the Hedgehog and all related characters are trademarks of SEGA Enterprises, Archie and Fleetway Comics, and DiC Animation Company. The Characters Wendy McCormick, Alison Scharlemann, Ratty, Eric McCormick and others, though they may not appear in this chapter, are copyright Alison Scharlemann or Sonique of Perfect Chaos.  Tikal is copyright SEGA but the last name I gave her was just for fun and if I catch you stealing, your ass is grass.  "Sonic Beyond" is (c) Alison Scharlemann along with Rachel Gunnerson.  This fanfic may be distributed or used for MiSTings, but I would like an email if you are using it so I know who is.   All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.

Chapter 1:
The Prophecy
part 1


	“Now that I have spotted the young warrior who can save my dying clan, what are my orders?  What must I do to save them?”
	“I speak to Athair.  Your duty is to guard her and watch over her until the prophecy is complete.”
	“But… I can’t possibly do so.  My powers are nearly useless and I’m so young and week.  Can’t someone else be her guar…”
	“Athair has spoken!”
	“Very well.  Then it shall be.  I will do my best.  I just hope I’m not too late.”

	“I hate snow, I hate snow.”  Alison grumbled as she walked home from school.  “It’s so white and ugly.”  She was eighteen years old with dark brown eyes that matched her curly hair that went down to her shoulders.  She weighed less than 100 pounds but could never find a date.  Guys found her very mysterious is why.  Many people just plain didn’t understand her.  She knew she was eighteen but she didn’t want to be.  Growing up seemed to be such a pain for her and while her other friends couldn’t wait to get their cars and move out of their houses, Alison longed for the days when she was a kid again.  
	She was a senior ready to graduate and planed to attend a technical collage where she would learn more about computers and web site design, which was her favorite pastime.  
	She arrived at her house and went straight to her computer as usual hoping some of her online friends were there to talk.  Most of her friends were Internet buddies she’d met over the years who had the same interests as she.  She had friends at school but a lot of the times, they were too busy for her or were hanging out with someone else.  Another problem was she always felt left out.  They would have parties and not invite her with some stupid excuse like, “I can only have X number of people over.”  Alison understood why they didn’t invite her.  She wasn’t a very good people person and needed more alone time and space than the average person.  This is because when her best friend moved away, she dedicated herself to a life of solitude.  After a while, being alone came like clockwork to her until, years later, she met her first boyfriend.  For the time that they went out there were always together and Alison finally felt like she had a best friend again but like most relationships, it ended in sorrow.  He ended up leaving her for his work to earn more money.  Alison remembered thinking what a jerk he was to leave her for money.  On the other hand, any guy who loves money more than a person, doesn’t even deserve to live according to her. 

	That night in bed Alison was thinking about her best friend Alexa as usual for she missed her very much and wanted badly to be with her but knew there was nothing she could do about it but dream of the day when they’d again be together.
	She ended up falling asleep and into a dream finding herself standing in what appeared to be a desert area at night surrounded by ancient towns which were completely wrecked as if a tornado or something even worse had come through.  Buildings had been torn apart, trees were on the ground, and despite the dark of night, the place shined bright with the fire that surrounded it. She walked around slowly trying to figure out what could cause such a horrible tragedy.  
	Alison walked deeper into the terrorized town hoping maybe to find some answers.  Surprisingly, she could feel the heat from the flames and the harsh ground from underneath her.  Somehow she knew where she was headed as if someone was telling her.  It almost felt like she’d been there before.  
	“OUCH!”  She had accidentally brushed the back of her hand too close to a blazing building which cause her to cry out in pain.  It wasn’t hurt too bad, it was mostly the surprise that made her do it.	
	“Why did this have to happen to me?  Why am I the one being picked on?”  A saddened young female voice said in the distance.  
	Alison followed the crying voice behind a building and found a young girl sitting on the ground sobbing quietly.
	“What happened?”  Alison asked.
	The girl stood up and Alison, amazed at what she saw, thought to herself, *She’s not human!*  Before her stood a peach colored echidna with long dread locks that went down to her shoulders. On two of the dreadlocks were two silver rings; on her head was a gold band that went around her head under her dreadlocks and in the center of the band was a small blue gem.  She had a small white top and a thick gold necklace also with a blue gem in the center.  She wore purple gloves that matched her bracelets; her dress was an Indian/Inca style, off-white color, with green diamonds surrounding it and within each was a smaller purple diamond. Sandals were her shoes.
	Alison and the echidna stared at each other as if both were amazed to see each other.  Finally, the echidna spoke, “Alison, you must help us.  The fate of Mobius is in your hands.  Please help us!”  She pleaded.
	Alison was about to answer when suddenly, she heard a thunderous monstrous roar from behind her.  Without thinking, she whipped around but not in time to see the monster itself.  Instead, she saw the monster’s giant blue hand coming from above to crush her.
	“AAUUGGHHH!”  Alison yelled as she woke up with a jolt.  
	“Ali?  Are you okay?”  Alison heard her mom coming down the hallway to her room.
	Alison sat in her bed painting as her mom entered her room.  “I’m okay Mom.  I just had a bad dream.”
	“Are you gonna be okay?”  Her mom asked in a worried tone.
	“Yeah.  I’ll be… Whoa!”  She yelled when she saw her hand.  It had burnt marks on it!

	“..but, Dad, doesn’t it seem weird that in a dream I burn my hand and when I wake up, it’s burnt?”
	“You probably just burnt it earlier and didn’t realize it till you woke up.”
	“How can I burn my hand that bad and not realize it?”  Alison demanded.
	“It’s nothing, okay?  I’m sure you just hurt your hand earlier or while you were sleeping.”  He answered in a stern voice.
	Alison signed, then said, “Okay.”

	“Then he said, ‘I’m sure your hurt your hand earlier or while you were sleeping.’  Like I won’t notice if I burned my hand like that.”  Alison whined to her Alexa over the phone.
	“That’s so weird.”  Was all Alexa could say.
	“Not as weird as this.  For the past 5 nights I’ve had the same dream with that echidna and she keeps saying I need to help her and the fate of Mobius, whatever that is, is in my hands.  What does that mean?”
	“I dunno.  Mobius must be a person of some sort.”  Alexa thought for a second.  “Hey, maybe Mobius was her town before it got destroyed and somehow you have to save it before it gets destroyed.”
	There was a small amount of silence followed by Alexa’s saying, “I dunno.  That’s pretty dumb, I guess.”
	“No.”  Alison replied.  “I was just thinking about what you said and it makes sense.  I mean, when I go there the town is totally destroyed.”  Then, Alison remembered the monster in the first night of her dream.  “But there is something else.”
	“What?”
	“In the first dream, there was a monster.  A big blue one, I think, I couldn’t really see it.”
	“Wow, that is weird.”
	“Yeah, but I gotta go now because it’s getting late and I have homework to do.”  Alison said.
	“Okay, I should probably go too.  Bye.”
	“Bye.”  Alison hung up the phone even though she hated to hang up on her best friend; she needed to get to work on her homework, for she was a senior in high school.
	That night, Alison had another dream about the echidna, only this one was much different.  She found herself in an almost pitch black room, about ten by ten feet in diameter.  The room had only one source of light, which came from behind a fan on the ceiling.  It was very quiet except for the humming of the fan, and the room was bitterly cold inside, but Alison continued to walk around hoping to find a way out.  
	Suddenly, a huge bright light filled the room.  Alison covered her eyes with her arm to shield them from the blinding light.  When she removed her arm from her eyes, she noticed the room had become lit with bright lights coming from nowhere, and she also saw the same peach echidna about three feet in front of her.  
	They stared at each other for about three second when Alison finally asked, “Who are you?”
	“I am here to help you with your quest.”  The echidna answered.
	“My quest?”	
	“Yes, the fate of Mobius is in your hands.”
	“What is Mobius?”  Alison asked.
	“There is no time to explain now.”  The echidna spoke in a soft tone.  “You must help us and you must help us now!”  Her voice became sterner now.
	Alison nodded without thinking and said, “Okay, I’ll help you.  I’ll do whatever it takes.”
	The echidna smiled for the first time since she and Alison met, “Thank you.”  She replied in a grateful tone with her hands folded as if praising Alison.  
	Alison woke up and sat up in bed with a start panting heavily.  She sighed and looked around her room, then said out loud to herself, “Now what?”

	The next day at school Alison couldn’t stop thinking about the echidna and how she promised to help her.  “What can I do?”  She asked herself over and over again along with other questions like, “What if it is just a dream?”  and, “What if I’m in some kind of danger?”  Despite her worries, nothing unusual happened all day, which made Alison very, relieved.  
	It was when she was on her way home that the weird events came about.  She walked home alone without care when suddenly, a dark shadowed crept over her from behind making her freeze with worry.  She began to walk home again trying to ignore it but the person behind her just kept following her so, finally, she got the guts to turn around.  Behind her was a small gypsy like girl behind her in a long purple robe with a lavender veil covering her mouth.  Over her head she wore a hood that was tightly shut making it impossible to see any other features but her purple-blue eyes.  
	A nervous feeling swept over Alison as she stared at the girl before her.  She gasped once and backed away but the eyes of the gypsy seemed to almost paralyze her.  “Yeah?”  She found herself saying.
	In response, the gypsy began waving her arms in the air as if casting a spell and then, began speaking in a weird language Alison couldn’t understand.  Alison just watched at first then, began to feel terrified as a large bright light appeared above the gypsy’s head and started to grow in Alison’s direction.  Frightened for her life, Alison ran in the other direction; however, it did no good for, before she knew it, the bright light came over her and swallowed her whole.  

	Alison found herself lying on the ground when she woke up.  “Oh, it was a dre… whoa!”  	She stood up and looked far ahead of her trying to decide where she was.  Noticing the buildings were made from metal as well as the factories, she asked herself.  “Where am I?”
	Trash and dirt was everywhere.  Metal factories surrounded the place as far as the eye could see.  They hurled smoke into the air causing the sky to be as black as night.  She felt as if the pollution were slowly overcoming her forcing its way into her lungs and the smells were unlike any stench she had known before; the scent of burnt rubber and hot metal everywhere she turned.
	Suddenly, her thoughts and sick feelings were cut short by banging rapid footsteps behind her followed by a robot voice, “Intruder alert!  Intruder alert!”
	She whipped around to a giant black metal robot charging after her.  As the robot got closer, she notice it did have red where it’s eyes would be.  
	“Intruder alert!”  She turned to her right and noticed another metal robot dashing in her direction and another from the other side too.  These metallic soldiers surrounded her.  One ordered, “Surrender intruder.  You are surrounded!”
	She was so frightened that she had no choice but to do as she was told.  She put her hands up, “I surrender.  I didn’t mean any harm.”
	One metal robot grabbed her arms and handcuffed them behind her back.  It then shoved her forward as if telling her to walk so she did so.  As she walked around, she saw how dreadful this place actually was.  A combination of her being terrified and the horrible smell made her have to restrain from vomiting.  She continued to walk with the robots until they got to a giant skyscraper which had an oval like shape to it except for a large but narrow room that just sort of stuck out right from the middle.  “Wow.”  She said to herself.
	As they approached the main entrance of the skyscraper, she noticed two more robots guarding the entrance, but both stepped aside and the doors opened.  They entered in and the doors slammed behind them resembling prison doors when they lock.  The hallways were filled with pips, tubes and metal walls.  It was like a maze to her but the robots knew where they were going.  	
	Finally, she got the courage to ask, “Where are we going?”	
	“Silence prisoner!”  was the only response she got.
	After a few minutes, which seemed more like hours to her, they came across another room shut tight with metal doors.  One robot entered a code into a machine on the side and took her into the large dark room.  The sound of machinery rang from within, almost like the noise of a dental drill but much louder.  As they brought her further into the room, the light got brighter and she noticed a silhouette of a small person inside.
	Finally, the robots stopped walking and the light in the room was bright enough for Alison to see a small young man from the back working diligently on some machinery.
	“Intruder captured!”  One of the robots said to the young man.
	The man turned around and Alison was able to get a good look at him.  His head was an odd shape, almost like that of a light bulb and down the back of his head was a line of about seven hairs.  He had a long pointy nose and large aqua-blue eyes.  His clothes consisted of basically green except for his brown shoes.  
	Alison couldn’t help but almost giggle at his appearance.  *He sure is ugly.*  She thought as she stared at him.  A few seconds later, her thoughts changed to, *So, why can’t I stop staring at him?*
	For some reason, he seemed kind of shocked at her as if he had never seen another human being before.  He walked over to her slowly and Alison began to think, *I’d better not say anything stupid or he’ll think I’m a loser.  What can I say to impress him?*  When he came right in front of her she said the first thing that came to her mind when looking at him, “You’re shorter than me.”  Of course, after she said that, she knew she’d blown it.
	“I see.”  He replied with a funny look on his face.  
	Alison noticed he had kind of a snobby voice.  To try to make up for what she had just said to him, she introduced herself.  “I’m Alison.  What’s you’re name?”
	He turned his back to her and walked back over to his machinery, “Snively.”  He answered.
	Thinking he was joking or Snively was a nickname, she replied, “What’s your real name?”
	“That is my real name.”  He remarked in an annoyed voice.
	“Oh…”  She tried to make a quick recovery. “..that’s a.. really.. different name.”
	Snively pressed some buttons on a large machine in front of him then said, “I didn’t know there were any overlanders left on the planet.”
	Never hearing the term “overlander” before, Alison asked, “Any what?” 
	He looked at her funny.  “Overlanders.”  He repeated in an annoyed tone.
	“I don’t understand…”  Alison’s voice traded off.  *What is he talking about?*
	“Oh, for crying out loud!” He exclaimed with frustration.  “Don’t you even know your own species?”
	“Last I checked, I was a human.”  She retorted.
	Now he was the confused one, “Human?”  He asked.  
	They stared at each other for a second then Alison asked, “Where am I?  I mean, I know I’m not at home.. or anywhere near it.”
	“You’re in Robotropolis and there is no escape.”	“Oh, great.”  Alison said sarcastically.  
	She began to think deeply of how she would escape, but her thoughts were interrupted, “Snively!”  A robotic voice bellowed.
	Alison startled and peered upward.  On a giant TV screen there was a very angry man glaring down at Snively.  *Now this man is ug-ly!*  Alison thought with fear and this time she didn’t change her mind about him.  She had never seen anything like him; she couldn’t believe his long orange mustache, his giant chin, his pointy-head and he must have weighed at least 300 pounds!  His ears were even made of two small silver disks sticking out from his head.  What really made him ugly was the fact that his eyes were black and his pupils were red.  “What could have possibly happened to him to make him look like that?”  She wondered.
	In response to his yelling, Snively apprehensively spoke to him, “It’s a-alm-most ready, sir.”
	“Snively, why is it taking so long?”
	“Well.  I… I..”  Snively began.
	Alison walked up to Snively and stood behind him staring at the ugly man on the screen who gave her the sense of Big Brother from the book 1984.  
	“Who’s that Snively?!” the ugly man bellowed.
	“Well, Sir, she’s ...a...um... she’s...”
	“She’s beautiful.  Send her to me at once.”
	The video screen blinked out. 
	“Hey, who was that?” Alison asked Snively.
	“He thinks you’re pretty?  How can he think you’re pretty?”
	“He said ‘ beautiful,’ not pretty.”
	Snively glared at Alison in response.

	The SWaTBots lead Alison down a dark hallway to a circular chamber.  The chamber had video screens that monitored the outside city.  Under the video screen were machines with too many buttons for Alison to comprehend.  In the middle of the chamber the ugly man waited in a large green recliner.
	“Um...Hi...” was the only thing she could think of to say.
	“Hello my dear.”  The man approached Alison and bowed as if he was a gentleman.  
	She uncomfortably introduced herself to him, “I’m Alison.”
	“I am Dr. Robotnik, ruler of the esteemed empire of Robotropolis.”
	She noticed his left arm was robotic and asked, “What happened to your arm?”
	He growled, “It was that miserable hedgehog.”
	“Um... hedgehog?”
	“Yes, those pesky freedom fighters have plagued me for years.”
	“Oh.”
	“And you will help me get rid of them.”
	“I don’t think I’ll be of much help.”
	“A beautiful woman like you should have many talents.”
	“Oh... sure... thanks.”
	There was uncomfortable silence which was interrupted by Snively jogging through the chamber doors.  The presence of Snively lit up Alison’s face,  “Hi Snipplely.” 
	Snively gave her a dirty look.
	Still trying to impress him, Alison tried again, “Slimly... Sam... Fred... Jahosaphat...”  Alison looked down, “I’ll shut up now.”
	“It’s Snively.”  he replied and turned to Robotnik to speak.
	Robotnik interrupted him. “She can call you whatever she wants to, Jahosaphat.”
	“But.. Sir.. I..”
	“Shut up!”  Robotnik ordered.  “Now why have you interrupted me and this beautiful young lady, Jahosaphat.”
	Alison looked down and began to snicker.  
	“Is there something funny?”  Snively asked Alison in an annoyed tone.
	“No, Pumpkin-Seeds-For-Brains.”  Alison answered confidently.
	Snively glared at her then remembered why he came.  He turned to Robotnik, “Sir, I finished the new weapon but I still need to run some tests on it.”
	“Good, Snively.  Now reconfigure the weapon for Alison’s use only.”
	“What??!”  Snively shrieked.
	“You heard me.  Now do it!”  Robotnik yelled.
	“But... she... I can’t just give it to some half-witted flat chested girl!.  It was mine, Sir.”
	“Stop whining and do as I say!  Now!”  He pointed Snively to the door.
	Snively grumbled as he walked out of the chamber doors.
	After Snively had left, Alison turned to Robotnik and said nervously, “Why do you want me to have this special weapon?”
	“To get rid of that nasty hedgehog!”
	“Isn’t that a little drastic?  I mean it’s just a hedgehog.”
	“That hedgehog and those Freedom Fighters have been destroying my city and attacking it for years.”
	“How could a hedgehog do that?  Can’t you just pick it up and smash it?”
	“I wish it was that simple.”
	Alison then remembered her dream and the young echidna.  Could it be that in this new world, echidnas, hedgehogs and other animals are as advanced as humans?  She also wondered if the echidna was involved with the hedgehog.  “Now, this hedgehog..”  She began.  “Is he ever accompanied by a peach colored echidna?”
	“I don’t know, but he is with many other animals.  The hedgehog’s name is Sonic.  Sonic, along with the Freedom Fighters are the root of my problems.  That’s why I need you.” 
	“What can I do to help?  I don’t understand.”
	“Once I am through with you, you’ll be a valuable asset against my enemies.”  

	Alison walked down to the lab to see what Snively was up to.  She told herself not to get his name wrong this time to prove to him that she really can be an intelligent, kind person.
	Upon her entry, Snively looked at her and mumbled, “I’m glad you’re here.”
	Alison’s face filled with excitement, “You are?”  She exclaimed.
	Without looking at her he explained, “I need to run some tests to make sure only you can use this.”  He help up a large purple oblong shaped object.
	“What is that thing?”
	“What does it look like?”  He asked in a sarcastic tone.
	As she got close to him she realized it was some sort of gun.  “You want me to use a gun?”  She freaked.
	“I don’t want you to use it.  The Big Round Guy wants you to use it.”
	“My old English teacher wants me to use it?”
	He sighed and rolled his eyes, “Never mind.”
	*I did it again!*  Alison was frustrated with herself.  “What does this weapon do anyway.”
	He tossed it to her, “Try it.  Aim at that beaker,” He pointed to a beaker on a table, “and pull the trigger.  Even you can handle it I’m sure.”
	“Okay.”  She carefully aimed at the beaker through the scope of the gun, took a deep breath, closed her eyes and pulled the trigger.
	“Open your eyes you.. ARUGH!!”  Alison heard as she fired.
	She opened her eyes in time to see the ceiling light from above crash onto him knocking him unconscious.  “Oh crap!” She ran over to him and shoved the light off from his chest.  She poked his shoulder, “Are you okay?”  She thought for a second then smiled at her next though, “Do you need CPR?”
	Snively groaned and opened his eyes.
	Alison showed him the weapon, “Um.. it works.”  Was all she could say.
	Snively shut his eyes and groaned again hoping she’d go away.

	Alison walked into the freezing cold bedroom Robotnik gave her.  She shivered to herself then snuggled up in the blankets on her bed.  She sunk down in the softness of the mattress and pillow.  Alison turned off the light above her head and closed her eyes.  She quickly fell asleep.  
	The sound of snoring from her room woke Alison up.  She quietly felt the space to her right and realized that she wasn’t alone.  The person next to her stopped snoring upon her touch and in response a hand reached out and felt her in the same way.  Alison filled with terror and screamed, causing the person next to her to also scream.  In reaction Alison stood up on the bed, and tried to run away, but her legs got tangled in the blankets causing her to be hurdled onto the cold, hard floor.
	The light above the bed suddenly clicked on and she rolled over to see who was there.  “Snively!”
	“Y-y-you were in my bed?”  He stuttered angrily.
	“You’re bed?”  She asked.
	“You were in my bed?!”  He asked again with an even more angry tone.
	“I can explain.”
	“You were in my bed?!”  He screamed banging his fists on the mattress.
	“Um...”  she replied.
	You were in my bed while I was in it??”  Now he was really mad.  “What the hell is wrong with you?”
	“Actually, you see.. you were in my bed.”  She replied nervously.
	“Your bed?  And who told you this was your bed?”
	“Dr. Robotnik did.  He said this whole room was mine and I could redecorate it however I wanted.”
	“What?”  Snively looked around his room in panic.  All of Snively’s belongings were gone and in their place were stuffed animals and furbies.  The wall had been painted blue instead of the original green that he had had it as.  “W-w-what?”  He jumped off from the bed and in slight confusion picked up a furby. “What is all this??!”  He freaked.  
	The furby made a yawning noise then said to Snively, “Me love you.”  Snively dropped it on the floor and held his head as if getting a migraine.  
	“This can’t be happening.”  He said.
	Suddenly, the door to the room banged open and Robotnik came in, “What is all the noise?”
	“Sir!  Look what she did to my room!”  Snively uttered in shock.
	“Yes, I know.”  Robotnik replied.  “This is her room now.  You can sleep outside in the hall on one of the cots from your closet.”
	“But, Sir, I..  she...”
	“Stop stuttering and get out of her room.”  He left and slammed the door shut.
	*This is my big chance.  I won’t blow it now.*  Alison thought.  “Um..”  She walked over to Snively who was staring at the door as if it would solve his problems, “You can sleep in the bed if you want.  I don’t mind sleeping on a cot.”
	He shuttered in anger and turned to her, “Fine.  Whatever, just stay out of my way.”
	“Okay.  Will do.”

	Later that night, Alison found herself in the demolished, burning city again.  By now, she’d gotten used to seeing this dismantled location but grew rather tired of it.  “What is the meaning of all this?”  She asked herself.  
	Then, a horrific roar ruptured her thoughts.  She whipped around and in the distance, could see the blue, brutal monster charging at her.  Taking only a second to gasp, she ran as fast as she could for her life into the dark burning city.  
	“Alison!  Alison!”  A mysterious voice called from the dark shadows above.
	Alison abruptly stopped and looked up to the very top of the building she had ran by to see a silhouette reaching a hand out to her.  “Jump.  I’ll help you.”  The silhouette called.
	“I can’t jump that high!”  Alison protested.  The building had to be at least twenty stories high.  
	“Yes you can.  You have the power within yourself.  All you have to do is believe.”   The shadow called.
	*That sounds like an after school special.*  Alison thought to herself.  
	The barbaric beast approached Alison at a fast rate and Alison knew she had no choice but to trust the mysterious figure.  With a great boost of strength from her legs, she bent down and leaped with all her might.  To her wonderment, she flew off the ground and headed straight for the shadow who held out her hand to Alison.  Closer and closer she acceded and for some reason, she had no fear within her, as if she knew she could jump this high.  Finally, she reached the end of her jump and grabbed the characters hand and recognized her at once.  The same echidna who had asked for her help, just saved her life. 
	Alison shrieked and sat straight up in bed panting heavily as if she’d had a nightmare.  
	“Quiet down there, you ignorant twit!” Snively scolded from his bed.
	Alison obeyed, laid back down and pondered about the dream she just had. 


  All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.


