First of all, Sonic the Hedgehog and all related characters are trademarks of , SEGA Enterprises, Archie and Fleetway Comics, and DiC Animation Company. The Characters Wendy McCormick, Alison Scharlemann, Ratty, Eric McCormick and others, though they may not appear in this chapter, are copyright Alison Scharlemann or Sonique of Perfect Chaos.  Tikal is copyright SEGA but the last name I gave her was just for fun and if I catch you stealing, your ass is grass.  All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.


Chapter 2:
The Prophecy
part 2

	Weeks went by and the relation ship between Snively and Alison grew tense.  Alison would try to be nice and show him how kind she could be but every time, something went horribly wrong and he'd end up hating her even more until one day he snapped.
	It was another cold morning in Robotropolis and Snively woke up and went to check on his experiment next to his dresser.  He was trying to genetically alter one's scalp with a chemical he had created.  This would hopefully help him grow his hair again but for now, he was testing it on a large potato, which sat on a shelf above a beaker full of the chemical. The experiment looked fine and the potato showed signs of a few hairs sprouting.  It had taken him weeks to find the right elements for the chemical and he was very fortunate to find what he had.  He had told Alison to stay away from the chemical but had said nothing about the potato.  
	The door sprung open and in pranced Alison.  She exclaimed to Snively, "Hey, watch my aim now!"
	"Wait!"  He shouted but the next thing he knew she had all ready aimed at the beam that supported the potato and fired.  To Snively's horror, she hit the beam dead on and the potato fell into the beaker below it.  "NNNOOOOOOOO!!"  He yelled at the top of his lungs.  The worse was yet to come.  He was about to charge after her but then the beaker made a funny noise.  "Huh?"  The potato was expanding at a rapid rate until it was about the size of a grape fruit then KAPOW!  The potato exploded.  Mashed potatoes flew across the room along with the chemical.  Then hair began to grow in various spots across the room but not on Snively's head.  Snively looked around the room shaking with rage.  He turned to Alison and said, "You... you... stupid.. you..."  His voice trailed off.
	"Well you said not to touch the chemical, not the beam above it."  She twirled the gun around her finger, "But you have to admit,"  She put the gun in her holster, "it was a great shot."	
	He looked at her in shock, amazed at her ignorance.  He angrily grabbed one of her furbies and ran toward the window.  With a graceful motion he flung the furby out the window.  The furby's response was, "Wee!  Big fun!"  
	"NO!"  Alison ran over to the window to watch it smash into the ground.  "No, not Klahn-Dah!"  
	Snively had a rather pleased look on his face.
	"Okay, fine."  She ran over to one of his dressers and grabbed a blue vase.  "How about this?"  She threw it onto the floor and it shattered into tiny pieces.
	"NO!"  Snively was no longer pleased.  "My mom gave that to me."
	"Oh."  Alison said as if she was sorry.  Then, she picked up a glass globe and whipped that onto the floor, breaking that as well, "I'll break something of less value."
	"ARUGH!"  Snively screamed.  
	He charged at her with his hands out ready to kill.  Tackling her, he screamed with rage as they fell onto the floor with a thud.  He threw his hands around her neck trying to choke her, but she was able to roll over so she was on top of him.  She sat up and then whipped her knee into his crotch.  Snively cried out in pain and Alison got off from him.  He curled up into a ball and held his crotch whimpering in pain.  
	She smiled, "That was fun!  We should do it again sometime."  
	As she left she heard him mumble, "I hate my life."

	Alison patrolled through the streets of Robotropolis making sure everything was quiet like it should be.  For some reason, the words of the echidna rang in her head, "Jump!.. Believe in yourself."  She shrugged her shoulders, "What the hey?  Like it's even real."  She bent down and pushed up with her legs as hard as she could and it came to no surprise she could only jump as high as any normal person.  "I knew it.  It was bogus."  Then, voices caught her attention.
	"Are y'all ready to go, Sugah-hog?"
	"Sal, is Nicole ready?"
	"It's all been taken care of Sonic."
	Alison recognized the name Sonic right away.  It was the hedgehog that Robotnik hated so much and always spoke of.  Alison went in quietly for a closer look.  She could see a blue hedgehog with green eyes wearing red sneakers.  Along with him was a ground-squirrel with a blue vest, blue shoes and of course, blue eyes; a rabbit whose legs and left arm were robotic was also with them.  She had blue green eyes wore a pink body suit.  Alison listened closely to their conversation.
	"So, here's the plan," The squirrel spoke, "Sonic will distract the guards guarding the factory, and then Bunnie and I will go inside and plant the explosives.  Sonic, we'll give you the signal when we are ready, then you come and get us and Nicole will detonate the explosives."
	"Uh-oh!  That's not cool!"  Alison thought to herself.  "I'd better stop them before they cause any damage."  Alison leaped out from behind the corner and pointed her weapon at them.  "Not so fast Freedom Fighters."  She said in an evil tone.
	They all gasped and turned to her.  The squirrel asked, "Who are you?"
	"Must be one of Ro-butt-nik's lackeys."
	"What's a lackey?"  Alison asked.
	They all looked at each other in confusion.
	"What?"  Alison asked again.  
	"You new around here?"  Sonic inquired.
	"Maybe, maybe not."  She replied.
	"Well we've got a factory to blow so if you don't mind, we gotta juice!"  Sonic took the girls' arms and with a great boost of speed ran up the building next to them.  
	Alison watched him amazement, "Whoa! I have to get up there to stop Sonic."  Then she remembered what the echidna had said, "Believe in yourself.  You can do it."  
	Without thinking, she backed up, took a running start, "I can do it.  I can do it!" and pushed off with her legs.  "Whoa!"  She flew into the air just like in her dream but, the echidna wasn't there to guide her safely onto the building.  Trying her best not to get killed, she shifted her legs forward toward the building, closed her eyes, and surprisingly landed on her feet right in front of the Freedom Fighters.  "Cool."  Then she turned to them and ordered, "I said stop!" 
	"No, you said `not so fast.'"  Sonic retorted.
	Alison shrugged, "I meant to say stop."
	"How in the high heavens did you get up this high so darn fast?"  The rabbit asked.
	"I jumped."
	"No one can jump that high."  The squirrel replied.	
	"I can."  She twirled the gun around her finger, "Now if you don't mind, I think you should come with me."
	"Neat trick."  Sonic replied.
	"Hey that's nothing."  Alison said, "Watch this."  She twirled it around her index finger on her right hand and with a graceful motion, transferred her gun to the index finger of her other hand and then back again.  "Cool, huh?"  She looked around on the building and realized they had left, "Aw shit!"  She said.  She leaped off the building landing on her feet and picked up her communicator.
	"What is now, Snively?"  Robotnik answered in an annoyed voice.
	"Um, it's me, Alison, Sir.  Over."
	"Oh, it's you, my dear.  What can I do for you?"
	There was a short amount of silence but then Robotnik said, "Well?"
	"You didn't say over, sir."  Alison remarked.  While Alison was walking and looking at her communicator, she didn't noticed Snively walking right in front of her.  "Oof!"  She tumbled over him dropping the communicator down a sewer.	
	"Hey!"  Snively exclaimed to her.
	"Oh, geeze, Snively, now see what you did!"  She yelled.
	"What?  You ran into me."
	"We don't have time for this, the hedgehog is here."
	"How do you know?"
	"I saw him, and this bunny and this something else, like a half squirrel and half deer or chipmunk."
	"Really?"
	"Come on, we need to get a hold of Robotnik."
	"Nice try girly, but I don't listen to something that can bleed for a week and doesn't die."  Snively commented while walking past her.
	"HEY!"  Alison exclaimed in anger.  "You'll be sorry you worthless freak of nature!"  She yelled at him.
	Alison turned and started towards Robotnik's headquarters to warn him.  She wasn't sure which of the factories were the Freedom Fighters' target because so many aligned the streets or Robotroplis.  As she got about three block away from the main building, she heard the squirrels voice, "Get ready to detonate Nicole." 
	Alison ran towards her.  As she got closer she noticed that the squirrel was talking to a computer about the size of a calculator.  "That must be Nicole"  she thought.  Before the squirrel noticed, Alison flashed by grabbing Nicole. 
	"NO!!!  Sonic, Sonic, she's got Nicole.  We can't let her bring her to Robotnik."
	"I'm on it Sal."  Sonic dashed after Alison.  Alison was fast, but not faster than Sonic.  Alison jumped up the nearest building.  Sonic pulled a power ring out of his backpack and exclaimed,  "Juice and jam time!!"  With those words Sonic sped up the building,  unfortunately he ran right into Alison who had stopped to catch her breath.  He crashed into her so hard that they both went tumbling down the side of the building.  Alison grabbed onto Sonic's arms right before she landed onto her feet saving his life.  
	The squirrel and rabbit came running onto the scene. 
	"Are you all right, Sugah-hog?"  asked the rabbit.
	"Sal, Bunnie, she just saved my life."
	"I couldn't let him just fall to his death."  
	"What d'y'all make a' this, Sally-girl?"  the rabbit asked the squirrel.
	Alison pointed to the rabbit, "So, you're Bunnie,"  then pointed to the squirrel, "you're Sally," and then finally to the hedgehog, "and you're Sonic?"
	"Butt-nik must've told you about us."  Sonic stated.
	Alison chuckled, "Butt-nik.  That's funny."  Again, Alison remembered her dream and asked, "Do you guys know any peach colored echidnas that may be in danger?"
	They all stared at each other in confusion again, then Sally answered, "Not that we know of.  Why?"
	"That's why I'm here.  To help some peach colored echidna."  She looked at the ground, "But I'd really like to go home."
	"So, you don't live in Robotroplis?"  Sally inquired.
	"I do now.  But I've been asking for Dr. Robotnik to help get me to my real home, but he's always busy."
	"I really don't think Robotnik is ever going to help you get home."  Sally remarked.
	"Why wouldn't he?"
	Sonic replied, "That guy has creep written all over him.  You'd be better off with anyone but Butt-nik."
	Alison shrugged, "He's all I got for now.. well, except Snively."
	"You hanging out with Snively?"  Sonic asked.
	"Well..  I flipped a coin and I lost is why."
	Sonic chuckled in response.  "What'd you say your name was?"
	"Didn't.  It's Alison."
	"Cool."  They shook hands.  "But if you really wanna find your way home, I suggest leaving Bogus City and going it alone."
	"But, I have to help out that peach echidna first.  I promised her."
	Sally spoke this time, "If we see any echidnas in trouble, we'll let you know."
	"Thanks."  She handed Sally her computer, "You can have Nicole back now."
	"And for saving Sonic's life, we won't destroy the factor."
	"Oh, sweet!  But before you go, if you don't mind my asking, Bunnie, what happened to you?"
	"You mean you haven't seen Butt-nik's Roboticise?"
	Alison shook her head, "No."
	"It'll turn ya inta a mindless robot."  Bunnie explained.  "What it almost did tah me befo'e Ah was rescued."
	"Are you kidding me?"  Alison exclaimed.
	They all shook their heads.
	"But Dr. Robotnik said he got his robotic arm from Sonic."
	Sonic replied, "He did.  I knocked him into the Roboticise a long time ago but it only got his arm."
	"Man, and I thought all those robots I saw were just made from some factory."  She remembered something Robotnik once told her about where they hide out.  "So, you guys live in a place called Tree-hole or something?"	"It's called Knothole."  Sally explained.
	What Alison didn't know, was that Snively was watching her from a distance.  "Oh, this is great.  When Dr. Robotnik hears about this, he'll at the least Roboticise her."  He rubbed his hands together, "This is gonna be so great."  He then noticed one of Robotnik's surveillance orbs hover by him.  "Perfect!"  He ran in front of it and called to it, "Sir!  Sir!  You have to see this.  Alison is conversing with the hedgehog!"  He pointed off in the distance where she stood talking to Sonic, Bunnie and Sally.
	"..so, then Snively gets like all totally freaked out and tries to strangle me.  But I kicked him in the balls."  Alison explained.
	Sonic began to laugh, "Man, that is awesome!"  He gave her a thumbs up sign.
	BEEEOOO! BEEEEOOOOO! BEEEEOOOO!  Sirens blared from behind them.
	Alison turned around and saw the SWaTBots in red hover units coming toward them at great speed, "Uh-oh!  SWaTBots!"
	"Time for us to jam!"  Sonic exclaimed.  He took Sally and Bunnie's arm, then turned to Alison and said, "Catch ya later, Al!"  He took off in a cloud of dust with his friends, and Alison waved good-bye to them but before she could put her hand down, someone seized her arm, "Hey!"  Then, other arm as well.  It was the SWaTBots!  "Shit!"  She exclaimed when she realized who'd just take a hold of her.  The SWaTBots lifted her off the ground and flew her off to the main building.

	Before Alison knew it, she stood in Robotnik's chamber with the SWaTBots hovering by her side.  Robotnik turned his chair around so he was facing her and she could see the wrath in his eyes.  Alison could feel herself filling with fear and couldn't control her shaking.  Robotnik slowly walked over to her and she continued to tremble and when he came up to her, he just glared at her for a while trying to drag out the suspense.  Finally he spoke in a calm voice, "Alison?"  
	Still quivering, she respond with, "S-sir-r?"
	"Do you want to tell me why you were conversing with Soinc?"
	Alison felt too afraid to answer him and just ended up staring up at him with great fear in her eyes.
	"Answer me!"  He bellowed.  "NOW!"
	She heard snickering by someone to her left and turned and looked at who was there.  It was no surprise that Snively stood there with an evil, yet very satisfied, smile on his face.
	"Don't look at him!"  Robotnik yelled at Alison.
	Alison knew Snively had done this to her and, despite the love she felt for him within, decided she'd teach him a lesson.  
	"You have exactly five seconds to answer me before I.."
	Alison interrupted him, "Well, Sir, you see, it was actually all part of my plan." She babbled.
	"What plan?"  Robotnik asked sound less angry than before.
	Now Alison really had to think fast, "Well.. my plan.. you see.. I.. was.." Finally something came to her, "I was planning to earn the Freedom Fighter's trust to help bring them down."  She looked up at him waiting for a response.
	"And you didn't inform me because..?"
	"I wanted to surprise you, Sir."  Alison looked down as if she was sad.
	Robotnik's face turned to shock, "You'd do that for me?"  He asked in a flattered voice.
	"Well.."  Alison said quickly, "for all of us."  Then she decided to add, "In fact, they were just about to tell me where Knothole was.."
	"WHAT?!"  Robotnik shrieked.  
	Alison gasped in response thinking she'd said something wrong but looked up to see Robotnik turn furiously to Snively, "SNIVELY!"  He hollered.
	Now Snively was the one who was trembling, "B-but.. Sir,.. she.."  He gulped knowing he was in big trouble.  He began to sweat and back away from Robotnik
	 "Do you realize that if it wasn't for you, we would know where Knothole is?"  Robotnik asked in a calm voice.
	"I.I."  Snively sputtered.
	Robotnik reached out for Snively as if he was going to pick him up but before he could, Snively fainted onto the ground.  "Oh, please." Robotnik declared in an annoyed voice.  He turned over to Alison and she shrugged.  "I need to be alone for a white."  He told her, "Take him with you."  He pointed to Snively who was still on the ground.
	"Oh, sure."  Alison jogged over to Snively, lifted up his arm and walk toward the door dragging Snively with her.  She hauled Snively out into the hallway and propped him up against a wall.  He was still unconscious.  She sighed to herself in despair, "Why must we fight like this?  Why can't we get along like I want so much?"  Kneeling down by him, she reached out and gently stroked his cheek with the back of her hand, "You beautiful creature, you."  She moved closer to him and put her hands on his shoulders, "If only you knew how I really feel and felt the same compassion toward me that I feel for you."  She moved her lips close to his, "Kiss me."  She moved closer and closer, puckered her lips, closer..
	Snively began to groan and stir; Alison quickly took her hands off him and stood up looking down at him.
	"Oh, my head."  Snively moaned as he woke up.  He then looked up and noticed Alison standing there with an innocent smile on her face, "You!"  He screamed in rage pointing at her, "You almost got me killed, miscreant!"
	Alison smiled deviously at him, "Look who's laughing now."  She then walked away from him as he glared at her all the way.
	"I really hate that girl."  Snively mumbled to himself.

	"Sonic, you know it's probably a trap."
	"What trap, Sal?  She saved my life."
	Sonic and Sally argued as they walked through the great forest.
	"It just seems a bit too convenient that she just happened to be there when you fell."
	"That's cause I ran into her."
	"Hey guys!"  A familiar voice called from behind.  Sonic and Sally turned to see Rotor, a walrus and an engineer, running up to them.  "I heard about what happened at Robotroplis.  Tell me more about this Alison girl."  He adjusted his tool belt and red cap as he stood by them.
	"Well, she.."  Sally began.
	"She saved my life!"  Sonic interrupted excited.
	"Sonic.."  Sally began again.
	"Wow, that's great."  Rotor said.
	"But she.."  Sally started once again.
	"And she even kicked Snively in the balls once."  Sonic interrupted again.  "It was awesome!"
	"Man, that's really something."  Rotor put his hands on his hips all ready admiring this girl even though he hadn't seen her.
	"SONIC!"  Sally yelled.
	Finally, Sonic looked at her, "Yeah, Sal?"	"Do you really think we can trust her?"
	Rotor answered her, "Well, she didn't have to save Sonic's life."
	"That's true."  Sonic replied.
	"I just think we have to be careful.  Robotnik can really be sneaky sometimes."
	"We can trust her, Sal."  Sonic replied, "After all, she is pretty cute."
	Sally punched him playfully, "Hey!"
	Sonic put his arms around her, "Not as cute as you, Sal."
	Sally giggled in response.  "Quick sucking up, Sonic Hedgehog."
	Sonic leaned over and gave her a small kiss on the cheek.
	"Hey you guys."  Rotor responded, "Get a room."
	They all laughed at Rotor's remark.

	"Alison.  ALISON!!"  Snively called while looking for her.  Then he mumbled to himself, "Where are you, you little flat chested bimbo."
	Alison came running up behind him "YEAH, Snively!"  She yelled excitedly.
	"ARUGH!!"  Snively startled.  After the shock, he stood panting for a second hanging onto the wall.  He turned to her with an annoyed expression, "Must you always be so annoying?"
	Alison's face narrowed at him, "Must you always be so ugly?"
	He barred his teeth in anger for a second then said, "Robotnik wishes to speak with you."
	"But first I need to ask you something."  She replied.
	Snively rolled his eyes and sighed, "What?"
	"What's up the Roboticise?"
	"What?"  He looked at her funny.
	"Well, what exactly does it do?"
	"You really are stupid."  Was his first response.  Then, he went on, "Robotnik use the Roboticise to turn animals into robots so they'll work for him in his factories.  That's pretty much all there is to know."
	Alison filled with shock and horror, "That's a horrible thing to do to animals!"
	"Well, why don't you tell that to Robotnik."  Snively sarcastically said.  "I'm sure he'd understand."
	"Oh, didn't you say he wanted to talk to me?"  
	"Yes, follow me and I'll take you there."
	As Snively began walking Alison whispered to herself, "Yes, my sweet prince."
	Snively turned around, "What did you say?"
	Alison gasped; it surprised her that Snively had heard her, "Um.. I said.. I said.."  She quickly changed to her angry tone so he wouldn't be suspicious, "I said  oh, yes well since.. since when do I listen to you?"  She yelled.
	Snively glared at her and said, "If you did, you may actually learn something."
	"Whatever."  Alison obediently followed him.
	When they came to the chamber, Snively opened the doors and put out his arms in front of him like a gentleman, "Go ahead."
	Now Alison was confused, "You okay?"
	"Yes, now please go in."
	She couldn't help but notice the sinister expression he had, but she ignored it and went into Robotnik's chamber anyway.  She walked in slowing thinking Snively had gotten her into some kind of trouble again.  She approached Robotnik's chair and noticed, he had it facing backwards.  "He must be really mad if he can't look at me."
	To her relief and discomfort both at the same time, he turned his chair around and looked down upon her.  "Hello, my dear, and how are you?"  He asked in a calm voice.
	"He doesn't seem angry."  She answered with, "I-I'm okay."  Then she also added, "You wanted to see me?"
	"Yes, there is something I need to speak to you about."  He stood up and noticed how far away she was standing, "Don't stay so far away.  Come closer, my dear."  He held out his hand to her as if he expected her to take it.  Instead she just walked up to him, folded her hands, and looked up at him.  He put his hand down and sighed, "I wanted to speak to you about you being more than just my lackey."
	Again, Alison asked, "What's a lackey?"
	"It's not important."  He took a deep breath as if he was going to say something really brave, but nothing could have prepared Alison for what he would say next.  He reached out and took her hand, looked her straight in the eyes and said, "Alison, I want you to be my wife."
	Completely filled with shock, Alison began to feel lightheaded and nearly collapsed onto the ground.  Robotnik gasped and quickly caught her before she hit the ground.  Alison shook her head as if trying to come to, "What did you just say?" she managed to say holding her head.
	He gently pulled her to her feet, "I want you to be my wife."  He repeated.
	Alison, now sure she understood him, protested, "I can't get married."
	Robotnik acted surprised and looked almost hurt, "What??!?"
	"I'm only eighteen years old and.. well.. I never planed on getting married, ever."
	His face turned mad, "You will marry me."  He ordered.
	"But I don't want..."
	"Silence!"  He yelled at her.  "This is what's good for you."
	Alison felt scared but she sure didn't want to marry, especially him, "But.. how can it be good for me?"
	"Together, you and I will rule this world.  I will be king of Mobius,"  He pointed to himself proudly, "and you will be my queen."
	"Mobius."  Alison heard that name before and she knew immediately where she'd heard it.  That peach and red echidna had both mentioned the fate of Mobius was in her hands.  Then, it all came to her.  "The echidnas!  They must have sent me to Mobius, to save Mobius!  Robotnik also said `rule this world' and `be king of Mobius'!  That's it!  Mobius is the planet I'm on!"  Now she really went into deep though, "What better way to same Mobius than if I'm queen?  But I can't marry Robonik.  He'd probably destroy Mobius and roboticise everyone, including the echidnas!  On the other hand..." 
	"ALISON!"
	"AUGH!"  Alison startled at Robotnik's yelling.
	He sighed and glared at her, "Are you listening?"
	She had to tell the truth, "No, not really."
	Robotnik clenched his fists and bared his teeth as if trying to hold back his anger, "I said, doesn't being queen of Mobius sound nice?"
	"Well, to be perfectly honest.. no."  She looked up at him waiting for a response.
	He yelled, "NO??  What do you mean no??"
	"I mean no!"  She replied sternly.  "I don't want to marry or be ruler of Mobius.  I just wanna go home."
	He growled for a second, then pointed to her and yelled, "You will marry me, whether you want to or not!"  He sat back down in his chair.
	Alison sighed.  "But.. what's gonna.. happen to Snively?"  She asked in a small voice trying best not to show how she cared for Snively.
	"Snively?"  He repeated.  "Who cares?"
	"I... don't.. but I was just wondering."  She looked down at the ground.
	There was silence but Robotnik broke it by saying, "I've all ready started planning our wedding.  The team I put together should have everything done by the end of next week."
	"That soon??!"  She freaked.
	"Is there something wrong with that?"  He asked in his usual angry tone.
	Alison sighed and shook her head knowing it would do no use to say anything, "No, Sir."  She sadly turned around and headed for the door. She took one last look at him trying to hold her tears back, then left the chamber.
	After she stepped outside and closed the door, she could hold back no more and quietly began to sob.
	"Well, well."  Some said from behind her.  Alison turned and saw Snively behind her with a most satisfied expression.  He walked by her and remarked, "Look who's laughing now."  He strolled away happily leaving her alone with her crying, problems and thoughts.

 All comments about this fic can be written to me, Sonique, at soneec@sonicrules.zzn.com.




