Hello again.Since I am such a Sega nut as many of you, I
know that those of you that have not played Sonic Adventure
would like as many updates as possible. Below is an update to
my earlier review of the game so far. I am now 80%
complete with the game playing as Sonic. 

The control factor that I had talked about before are almost a
memory. The gameplay is still a little loose, but it nothing that
you cannot get use too. My main complaint so far has been
that is Sonic Team had another month they could of polished
the small, yet noticeable problems. These are mainly little
bugs like Sonic sticking to certain areas and the camara
swinging behing a wall texture and you need to jump and
move around to get the camera back on track. Like the control
issue, this is not a major problem just something that could of
been fixed. 

As far as the famous pop-up and slowdown, it has been
isolated mainly to the Tornado Level (Still can't remember the
official name) and the Snowboarding level. Because of the
speed and how much graphic is displayed there is pop up. But
is does not hamper gameplay what so ever. Draw in does
occurr at times, but this happens when something in the far
distance appears because you turn the camera angle. Again,
nothing to impede the gameplay. 

Graphically, it is still amazing. I have been playing since Dec.
23rd. Being that I work for Toys "R" Us, my time to devote to
the game has been minimal at times. As mentioned, I am 80%
complete with Sonic. On my last report I stated that I played
for six hours, which in real time I did. Some of this time was
to start over after finishing the first two levels (erased my
game) and starting levels overs since I died (or from a
continue spot). When you select the memory card and you
load the game it shows the time amount that you played. It
lists that I have played for 6 1/2 hours. In reality it has been
about 12-16 hours, but it seems that it adds up the time it
takes to finish each stage and gives you a total. So, it seems
that it would take about 8-9 hours of actual time (begin stage
one complete it in 10 minutes, then add stage 2 and so forth).
To me that is pretty good length for this type of game. 
Now that is with Sonic only, I started with Knuckles and Tails
to see the difference and what is neat is that each character
has their own intro/story within the game. When you start
with Sonic, you fight Chaos then you play the beach level.
Prior to the beach level, you see Tails flying his plane and he
crashes. You goal is to get to the end of the beach level to
save Tails. When you play as Tails you see him flying around
having a good time then his plane starts to breakdown and
crashes into the beach, then you see Sonic helpting him get
off the ground and then his Adventure begins. I trully enjoy
how each Character is brought into the story based on what
happened when you played as Sonic. 

As far as I am concerned the most impressive level has to be
Twinkle Park (the one with the Roller Coaster). The Graphics
are simply amazing. I also enjoyed Red Mountain because it
was more "adventure" instead of the all out speed of some of
the other levels. The EGG Carrier level seemed to be like the
other Sonic Games, lots of speed zones, things opening up and
sucking you down, and like the other Sonic games I did not
like it as much (I lost all 14 lives, plus had to continue about 5
times). It is not a bad level, it is just frustrating because so
much is going on, the ship moves in and out of clouds
changing the color scheme, wind from it flying causes you to
slip off platforms, pretty much like the other Sonic games. 

I also discovered additional play modes. You can replay the
snowboarding level, but this time it has gates to go through
and it keeps score on how you are doing. You can also play
the shooting levels and it records your best three scores. You
can also re-visit previously beat levels. If the first goal was to
reach the end for a Chaos emerald, when you replay a level
your goal is to explode the metalic thing that houses your
little friends (like the old Sonic Games). 

I have had the game for a few days and when I replay a level
it still amazes me. What is very scary is that this game was
made mainly on pre-final development kits. I am sure that
other sites will have some issues as I do, but most of them
are trivial and are easily overlooked. These issues should not
in any way deter anyone from having this game. I will still
buy the American version because there are soo much text
and things that are going on that would be fun to discover. 
