I ve just received my copy of Sonic Adventure and I wanted to 
share my first feelings. First, there are no way to describe the 
beauty of the game. Graphics are really stunning and the animation 
is awesome. You ve never seen so detailed textures. Neither you 
ever seen a game of that speed. Sonic and his friends always keep 
moving and the camera is so dynamic you want throw away.

I played the game for only two hours. For the very first game, I 
feel myself lost and didn t know what to do because it has the 
Mario 64 system. Meaning you begin in the town (actually you first 
meet Chaos) which is the crossroad for the other levels. You ll have 
then to find way looking for doors and possible access. I was a little 
bit worried at this point because the first level, Emerald Beach, 
was really basic. Moreover, sometimes when you are in a high speed 
area, Sonic keep following the good path almost by itself. You only 
have to keep the right direction pushed. Then I played this level two 
other times (once you ve created a file on your VMS, you can acces to 
a Time Battle Mode) and I realized that this game is Sonic and that 
this is the way how it must be played. You just have to go forwrd as 
fast as possible and, believe me, when you keep this in mind, you really 
have big fun. And the fact is when going so fast, if the game was 
fully in 3D at any time, you couldn't manage to keep yourself on the 
track. I ll remenber from this level that the moment when Sonic is 
running on a moving bridge and been pursued by an orca is a leap for 
the history of video games.

Then, I met Dr. Eggman and one of his hi-tech ship. He fight was easy 
but it was also a great moment. The second level is even more intresting. 
The name, Wind something (i can t remenber the name) will give you a 
hint on what it is about. My poor vocabulary (i m french) don t enable
me to describe it like I would. But this one is really fast and big. 
It contains lots of loops and jumps.It is definetly my favorite one...
for the moment. The third take place in a casino. In order to gain 
access to an emerald on the top of a room, Sonic has to fill it with 
coins. For this, he has to play games and earn them. Then he changes 
himself into a pinball ball and you use him in two pinball with 
different theme. One is Sonic and the seconde one is Nights.

I did not go further but for what I ve seen, Sonic Adventure won't 
deceive any Dreamcast owners. The game seems pretty long because after 
completed the third level, the game shows a 25% of completion. This 
mean it have at least 12 levels which have to be completed with the 
other char : Tails, Knuckles, Amy, E-102, and Big the cat. Each one 
being different, this means that thoses 12 levels will be played 
differently with the other chars. I also tried a bonus mode (Chaos 
race or something) where some creatures race again each other on 
some different tracks. Thoses creatures have to be put into the VMS 
(they are eggs everywhere just like in Nights) so you can breed them 
and everything. The race issue depends then on how far the evolution
of the creature get. What i can say is that i couldn t stop laughing 
looking at my baby still moving with his hands.

For now, this is all I saw and all I can tell about. 
